**************
Question: remote observation

Answer: reference index: 0, distance (smaller is better): 0.9994863867759705
	[AEOCCG]Australian Earth Observation Community Coordinating Group (2016). Australian Earth Observation Community Plan 2026. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://www.eoa.org.au/aeocp-the-plan

Earth Observation — the suite of activities used to gather data about the earth from satellites, aircraft, remotely piloted systems, and other platforms — delivers spatial information that underpins our daily weather and oceanographic forecasts, disaster management systems, water and power supply, infrastructure monitoring, mining, agricultural production, environmental monitoring and more. Within Australia, Earth Observation is so commonly used across all levels of government, industry and society that the minimum economic impact of Earth Observation from space-borne sensors alone is approximately $5.3 billion each year.

reference index: 1, distance (smaller is better): 1.0100406408309937
	Fussell, Jay (1986). On Defining Remote Sensing. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://www.asprs.org/wp-content/uploads/pers/1986journal/sep/1986_sep_1507-1511.pdf

An examination of definitions as tools explains why remote sensing has no generally accepted definition and why such a situation is likely to continue. In this study, we sketch the history of the term remote sensing, comment on its usage, note the continuing search for substitute terms, examine maximal and minimal definitions, compare synonyms and antonyms, and classify definitions into three groups. Finally, we offer extended meaning to the term remote, provide different definitions for various audiences, and suggest a set of essential elements to be included in a comprehensive definition.

reference index: 2, distance (smaller is better): 1.0494351387023926
	Rao, M. and Jayaraman, V. and Chandrasekhar, M. G. (1998). Future Perspectives Of Earth Observation: Indian Scenario. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/s0892-9270(97)00049-3

Civilian Earth Observation programmes have demonstrated the utility of space-based data to a variety of users-specifically those associated with the natural resources management. Its future will depend upon how the systems meet the demand of monitoring global environment; mapping, charting and geodesy; long-term global change research and assessment; monitoring and managing the renewable and non-renewable resources and national security applications. The future Earth Observation Systems (EOS) will have to take into consideration the aspects relate to the globalisation and standardisation of programmes world-over; data continuity and the need to monitor processes rather than events. Technological changes are also going to re-define many of the concepts of observation from space and issues like spatial resolution, spectral resolution and temporal resolution may no more be a concern for observation systems. In the Indian context, with the launch of IRS-1C, in December 1995, user services have been significantly enhanced. Presently, plans are onway to define the continuity to these missions. A broad analysis has been done of the observation needs of the future and also what has been achieved today and suggestions are made for the future observation systems design and implementation. The need analysis has been done keeping in mind the global change applications; mapping and cartographic applications; natural resources and environmental management applications etc. The paper discusses the strategy adopted for assessing the future requirements and also for defining the future Indian missions. Based on this evaluation and also the need for identifying low-cost, quick turn-around, application specific solutions, candidate payloads for the continuation series have been defined. These candidate payloads cater to a majority of the application needs and specific gap-areas would be taken care of. A decade profile of Indian Remote Sensing missions has been defined which addresses the concept of continuity, operational missions and the advanced missions up to 2005. The impact on utilisation accruing from these proposed missions has also been assessed. A perspective of the Indian Remote Sensing programme for the next decade is provided.

reference index: 3, distance (smaller is better): 1.0522570610046387
	Um, J. S. and Wright, R. (1996). Pipeline Construction And Reinstatement Monitoring: Current Practice, Limitations And The Value Of Airborne Videography. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/0048-9697(96)05115-7

A large pipeline constructed across several countries affects a variety of landowners and environments in its path. One of the critical issues influencing the approval of pipeline construction by government agencies is the ability of the developer to demonstrate how the pipeline right of way (ROW) will be revegetated. This paper presents the environmental significance of pipeline development in terms of the present legal framework in the United Kingdom (UK) and of its particular linear characteristics. Current practice for restoration monitoring, drawn from an example of a recently constructed pipeline, is presented to demonstrate the limitation of on-site field sampling. In an attempt to identify the optimal remote sensing system for restoration monitoring, an overview is provided of the application requirements and the technology currently available for restoration monitoring of operational pipelines. The relative limitations of traditional remote sensing systems are briefly discussed and the strengths of videography for such a linear application are highlighted. Major differences between typical remote sensors and video systems are identified and their consequences evaluated in the context of a linear application. The paper concludes by suggesting that there is a need for future studies to develop a technique for the application of video remote sensing to the restoration monitoring of a narrow corridor, in a more practical and automatic way. © 1996 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.

reference index: 4, distance (smaller is better): 1.054895043373108
	Blackwell, W. and Kataria, C. and Moulder, W. and Reising, S. C. and Chandrasekar, V. (2023). New Technologies For Intelligent High-Resolution Sensing From Small Satellite Platforms: Crewsr And Video. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1109/IGARSS52108.2023.10283300

There are current critical needs of NASA, NOAA, and other agencies carrying out Earth environmental monitoring for higher-performance observing systems (lower noise, finer resolution, broader coverage, etc.) but also smaller, lower-cost sensing platforms that offer flexibility in how they are deployed and used. To achieve these ambitions, it is necessary to consider the observing system, comprising not only the sensor, but also the concept of operations, processing, and potential for collaborative and synergistic observations. Here we present a new approach that enables dynamic, data-driven sensing and provides a way to test and evaluate the overall end-to-end system performance in the laboratory prior to launch with realistic Earth scenes. Recent technology advances now enable the utilization of new sensing concepts that reconfigure the sensor in real time to adjust where they are looking, their dwell time, their spatial resolution, and depending on the platform, their geometrical vantage point. For example, at frequencies spanning approximately 10-100 GHz, phased array and reflectarray observations of wind (speed and direction), wide-swath polarimetric imagery, soil moisture and sea surface temperature, and atmospheric thermodynamic state that are deemed critical by NASA's strategic planning are now possible. These measurements would all be improved by this work, since the sensor would be configured for maximum resolution, coverage, and dwell time for regions in the scene that exhibit the highest variability and would thus benefit the most from high-fidelity sensing. This approach also efficiently optimizes use of a fixed set of resources.Here we describe two new systems recently funded by the NASA Earth Science Technology Office (ESTO) to improve present capabilities for high-resolution atmospheric sensing from small satellite platforms. First, the Configurable Reflectarray Wideband Scanning Radiometer (CREWSR) is a high-resolution, lightweight, low-power multiband (23, 31, and 50-58 GHz) radiometer with a deployable scanning reflectarray. It is envisioned to be fielded on an ESPA-class small satellite platform, with a stowed volume that fits within a 0.61 m x 0.71 m x 0.97 m envelope. Once in orbit, the platform will deploy a large Reconfigurable Reflective Surface (RRS), as well as a multi-feed antenna connected to a multiband radiometer. These components allow for an electronically-scanned beam for radiometric Earth observation. CREWSR would operate with a single, linear polarization, but fully polarimetric operation is also possible in principle. The reflectarray is also compatible with radar use, thus enabling wide-swath radar from a small satellite.Second, there is a critical need to enable development, test, and evaluation of Versatile, Intelligent, and Dynamic Earth Observation (VIDEO), and one key enabler is the recent emergence of metamaterials for use in high-performance blackbody radiometric targets. These materials are very thin (~200 microns) and lightweight (tens of grams), allowing them to be easily scaled up to realize very large targets (> 1 m-2) to subtend an entire sensor field of regard during laboratory measurements. Furthermore, the thin planar structure of the metamaterials provides a relatively small thermal mass, thereby permitting the projection of thermal features with very high spatial frequency content into the sensor field of view at the subpixel level. We will produce a 50 cm x 75 cm (20' x 30') Radiometric Scene Generator (RSG) operating near 54 GHz with very large thermal contrast at the subpixel level for a typical spaceborne microwave radiometer full-width-at-half-maximum (FWHM) beam width in the range of 1-3 degrees. The RSG will be used for two purposes: (1) to project spatial features into the radiometer field of regard that can be detected and acted upon by the intelligent processing algorithms, and (2) to spatially encode spectral information in the atmospheric sounding band used for temperature profiling. The intelligent processing algorithm will utilize feature detectio and machine learning techniques to recognize regions of interest in the atmospheric scene and cause the sensor to react to the scene characteristics by changing the sensor response function. In this presentation, we will provide an overview of these new technologies and discuss how they address current unmet needs for high-resolution sensing from small satellites in the critical frequency bands spanning 20-60 GHz. In this paper, we present recent design and simulation results for the CREWSR prototyping effort. © 2023 IEEE.

reference index: 5, distance (smaller is better): 1.0646001100540161
	Anderson, D. E. and Buck, C. A. and Cohen, R. (1994). Applications Of Free-Flying Cameras For Space-Based Operations. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.4271/941442

This paper defines the value of free-flying cameras to the Space Station. The use of free-flying cameras is an alternative to reliance on fixed cameras. The analysis is based upon results from recent neutral buoyancy evaluations of a free-flying camera known as the Supplemental Camera and Maneuvering Platform (SCAMP). SCAMP was evaluated for inspection and viewing capabilities that will be required by Space Station. Test results demonstrated that a free-flying camera could be used effectively for inspecting structure, viewing labels, providing views for control of extravehicular robotics (EVR) and for ground assistance during extravehicular activity (EVA) tasks. © Copyright 1994 Society of Automotive Engineers, Inc.

reference index: 6, distance (smaller is better): 1.07063627243042
	Wackerman, C. C. and Friedman, K. S. and Pichel, W. G. and Clemente-Colón, P. and Li, X. (2001). Automatic Detection Of Ships In Radarsat-1 Sar Imagery. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1080/07038992.2001.10854879

NOAA/NESDIS has initiated a program called the Alaska SAR Demonstration with the goal of demonstrating the utility of RADARSAT-1 C-band SAR imagery to provide useful, timely environmental and resource management information to users in Alaska. One product generated under the program is a list of ship locations. This paper describes the algorithm developed to generate this product by automatically detecting ships based on changes in the local statistics. Using low resolution imagery (100 metres sample spacing) it is shown that ships of lengths greater than 35 metres can be detected (representing 105 ships out of a total of 272 in the test set) with a false alarm rate of 0.01% for a single detection. With high-resolution imagery (50 metres sample spacing) ships of lengths greater than 32 metres can be detected (representing 124 ships out of 272) with a false alarm rate of 0.002% for a single detection. The algorithm is completely automated and takes approximately 10 minutes of elapsed time to run on a ScanSAR Wide B Mode image. © Canadian Journalof Remote Sensing/Journal canadien de teledetection.

reference index: 7, distance (smaller is better): 1.0746499300003052
	Montgomery, K. and Mundt, C. (2010). A New Paradigm For Integrated Environmental Monitoring. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1145/1823854.1823888

The vision of an integrated Earth observation system to help protect and sustain the planet and its inhabitants is significant and timely, and thus has been identified recently by many organizations. Clearly, the societal benefits of global integrated monitoring are many: to understand how environment and humans are linked, to protect and monitor resources (water supply, weather, oceans) and predict and adapt to their change, to provide for sustainable development, and to reduce costs/impacts of disasters and provide for an effective and intelligent response. The requirements of such a system are that it be able to collect observations (remote sensing/satellite data and in-situ sensors), manage data1,3 (archive, model), interface with users (user- and context-specific display), and that it enhance human capacity by providing for research/training, collaboration and ultimately decision support. Further, in order to be effective, it must also be easily usable by a wide cross section of users, provide for advanced analysis and visualization with interaction and collaboration tools over the Internet; be open source, protocol, and information; and future-proof, modular and extendable as new needs and technologies arise. Intelesense Technologies was spun off from Stanford University to provide worldwide integrated monitoring of the environment and its' inhabitants, to understand their interrelationships and improve our ability to protect the planet and its people. A global network of wireless sensor devices transmit their data to grid-based computing servers where they are integrated with hundreds of thousands of other data sources to help to better understand their interrelationships. This data, along with thousands of sources from NASA, USGS, Google, and others are provided within a federated, open system of systems, with a collaborative, worldwide GIS portal to provide interactive exploration of the world and its data. The goal is to collaborate across government, academia, and with industrial partners to empower the researcher, scientist, and policymaker with data, analysis, and information leading to a better understanding. © 2010 ACM.

reference index: 8, distance (smaller is better): 1.0836796760559082
	Yoon, J. and Song, D. (2018). Preliminary Study For Detecting Of Ocean Wave Parameters Using Ccd Images. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2112/SI85-275.1

Recently, researchers have been developed the technology for monitoring in the coastal zone using a remote sensing to manage and analyze the beach processes. Many of these approaches translate the data model of beach process as a queue of avoidance of emergency situation in a beach, such as coastal erosion risk management. However, sensor-based approaches have a crucial limitation, which needs a high cost and has a worry about malfunction. To overcome these problems, a video-based beach monitoring system, which can analyze the wave periods and height, was introduced in this study. A CCD camera is one of best choice to monitor a movement of arbitrary behaviour, because it has a several benefits, especially it does not need high cost equipment, then other sensor-based approach relatively, and has a strong resistance to the external environment except for light. The ocean wave change in CCD image clips, when it reaches the shallow water contains an extreme discontinuity, especially a change in the shape of marine space. So our system extracted the contour of video patches in an each frame and then compared their shape using the seven Hu-moments. The Hu-moments constitute a measure of the similarity of the matrix form between video frames. The radial symmetric kernel was applied to the similarity matrix, which is able to express the wave period and height, respectively. The wave period, which was detected by the Hu-moments algorithm at the Gyoam Beach in Republic of Korea were compared with the wave information collected by an under-water pressure type wave meter. The results of this study confirm that the CCD camera with Hu-moments algorithm is applicable to detect wave period with a slight bias and, consequently, to clarify the complex characteristics of wave distribution and its temporal change. © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2018.

reference index: 9, distance (smaller is better): 1.0851109027862549
	Bracs, M. A. and Turner, I. L. and Splinter, K. D. and Short, A. D. and Lane, C. and Davidson, M. A. and Goodwin, I. D. and Pritchard, T. and Cameron, D. (2016). Evaluation Of Opportunistic Shoreline Monitoring Capability Utilizing Existing "Surfcam" Infrastructure. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2112/JCOASTRES-D-14-00090.1

Evaluation of opportunistic shoreline monitoring capability utilizing existing "surfcam" infrastructure. This paper investigates the opportunistic repurposing of existing low-elevation recreational surf cameras ("surfcams") to provide quantitative shoreline position data. Shoreline data are of fundamental importance in coastal management; however, intensive effort is required to routinely sample this dynamic environmental parameter. Established (and generally research-oriented) coastal imaging systems provide shoreline data in higher temporal resolution across broader spatial scales than is achievable by traditional survey techniques. The key benefits of adopting surfcams for shoreline monitoring are the wide availability of existing stations and their relatively low cost. In addition to the known challenges of optical remote sensing, there are further constraints associated with the typically low elevations of surfcams (9 to 22 m in this study) and the common use of dynamic pan-tilt-zoom positioning. This study used surfcams at nine diverse sites along the SE Australian coastline. Surfcam-derived shorelines were evaluated against monthly real time kinematic global navigation satellite system (RTK-GNSS) surveys. Standard deviations (SDs) of error of 4 to 14 m (horizontal) were observed in data provided by the commercial surfcam operator. After consideration of image geometry, camera stability, shoreline visibility, and shoreline elevation, SDs of error within 1 to 4 m were achieved. At one site, daily surfcam-derived shorelines were evaluated against video-derived shorelines obtained by a state-of-the-art Argus coastal imaging system. Data provided by the surfcam operator had a SD of error of 6 m (horizontal) when compared to the Argus-derived shoreline dataset, and improved methodology reduced this to below 2 m. Generic methods for identifying and addressing issues resulting from surfcam movement and low viewing angle of the beach are presented, as well as data processing options and recommendations for the potential wider adoption of this largely untapped coastal monitoring resource. © Coastal Education and Research Foundation, Inc. 2016.

reference index: 10, distance (smaller is better): 1.0887080430984497
	Navalgund, R. R. (2006). Indian Earth Observation Programme Towards Societal Benefits: Geoss Perspective. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.697269

Indian Earth Observation (EO) programme, since its inception has been applications driven and national development has been its main motivation. In order to meet the observational requirements of many societal benefit areas, a series of EO systems have been launched in both polar and geo synchronous orbits. Starting from Bhaskara, the first experimental EO satellite in 1979 to Cartosat-1 successfully launched in May 2005, a large number of sensors operating in optical and microwave spectral regions, providing data at resolutions ranging from 1 km to a meter have been built and flown. Data reception and processing facilities have been established not only in the country but also at various international ground stations. Remotely sensed data and its derived information have become an integral component of the National Natural Resources Management System (NNRMS), a unique concept evolved and established in the country. The paper discusses the evolution of IRS satellite systems, application programmes in different societal benefit areas and the road ahead. How it complements and supplements the international efforts in the context of Global Earth Observation System of Systems has also been indicated.

reference index: 11, distance (smaller is better): 1.0887080430984497
	Navalgund, Ranganath (2006). Indian earth observation programme towards societal benefits: GEOSS perspective. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1117/12.697269

Indian Earth Observation (EO) programme, since its inception has been applications driven and national development has been its main motivation. In order to meet the observational requirements of many societal benefit areas, a series of EO systems have been launched in both polar and geo synchronous orbits. Starting from Bhaskara, the first experimental EO satellite in 1979 to Cartosat-1 successfully launched in May 2005, a large number of sensors operating in optical and microwave spectral regions, providing data at resolutions ranging from 1 km to a meter have been built and flown. Data reception and processing facilities have been established not only in the country but also at various international ground stations. Remotely sensed data and its derived information have become an integral component of the National Natural Resources Management System (NNRMS), a unique concept evolved and established in the country. The paper discusses the evolution of IRS satellite systems, application programmes in different societal benefit areas and the road ahead. How it complements and supplements the international efforts in the context of Global Earth Observation System of Systems has also been indicated.

reference index: 12, distance (smaller is better): 1.089664340019226
	Nazir, S. and Newey, S. and Justin Irvine, R. and Verdicchio, F. and Davidson, P. and Fairhurst, G. and Van Der Wal, R. (2017). Wiseeye: Next Generation Expandable And Programmable Camera Trap Platform For Wildlife Research. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0169758

The widespread availability of relatively cheap, reliable and easy to use digital camera traps has led to their extensive use for wildlife research, monitoring and public outreach. Users of these units are, however, often frustrated by the limited options for controlling camera functions, the generation of large numbers of images, and the lack of flexibility to suit different research environments and questions. We describe the development of a user-customisable open source camera trap platform named WiseEye', designed to provide flexible camera trap technology for wildlife researchers. The novel platform is based on a Raspberry Pi single-board computer and compatible peripherals that allow the user to control its functions and performance. We introduce the concept of confirmatory sensing, in which the Passive Infrared triggering is confirmed through other modalities (i.e. radar, pixel change) to reduce the occurrence of false positives images. This concept, together with user-definable metadata, aided identification of spurious images and greatly reduced post-collection processing time. When tested against a commercial camera trap, WiseEye was found to reduce the incidence of false positive images and false negatives across a range of test conditions. WiseEye represents a step-change in camera trap functionality, greatly increasing the value of this technology for wildlife research and conservation management. © 2017 Nazir et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

reference index: 13, distance (smaller is better): 1.0901236534118652
	Bormann, P. (1982). (On Reconciling The Problem Of Effective Use Of Remote Sensing). N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Emphasizes the following aspects: conception of suitable remote sensing systems; importance of accessibility to as well as continuity and timeliness of data; acceptability and feasibility of a remote sensing system as related to the scientific-technical, economical, infrastructural and environmental conditions of a given country; assessment of cost benefit of remote sensing; information extraction and integration of the results into traditional disciplines, information systems and decision making and establishment of effective links between information and action. -from English summary

reference index: 14, distance (smaller is better): 1.0911109447479248
	Ratti, B. and Bressanin, G. (1975). Italian Ground Facility For The Reception And Processing Of Earth Resources Survey Data: The T.e.r.r.a. Experiment. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

A Memorandum of Understanding was signed between NASA and Telespazio in May, 1974, by which Telespazio has the right to read out data from Earth Resources Technology Satellites (ERTS) in real time through a ground station in Italy. Initial activities will be carried out within the framework of the TERRA experimental program. The TERRA experiment (Techniques for Collecting and Processing Earth Resources Data) is described with regard to experimentation of the data collection and processing in real time; testing and implementation of procedures and software based upon available techniques for converting remotely sensed data into the information required for the management of earth resources; collaboration with selected users for the demonstration, validation and evaluation of the cost benefit deriving from remote sensing techniques; and distribution of ERTS data to interested users. The ground facility features and capabilities are described.

reference index: 15, distance (smaller is better): 1.0912548303604126
	Paridaens, J. (2006). Development Of A Low Cost, Gps-Based Upgrade To A Standard Handheld Gamma Detector For Mapping Environmental Radioactive Contamination. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.apradiso.2005.07.024

A low cost extension to a standard handheld radiation monitor was developed, allowing one to perform outdoor georeferenced gamma measurements. It consists of a commercial wireless Bluetooth® GPS receiver, a commercial RS-232 to Bluetooth® converter combined with a standard Bluetooth® enabled pocket personal computer (PPC). The system is intended for use in difficult to access areas, typically for foot campaigns. As the operator walks, a straightforward homemade visual basic program alternately reads GPS position and gamma dose rate into the PPC, creating a data log. This allows a single operator on foot to map between 50 and 200 ha of environmental radiation per day in very rugged areas, depending on the accessiblity of the terrain and the detail required. On a test field with known contamination, a spatial precision of about 5-10 m was obtainable. The device was also used to reveal complex contamination patterns in the flooding zones of a radioactively contaminated small river. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

reference index: 16, distance (smaller is better): 1.0961118936538696
	Bindoff, Aidan D. and Wotherspoon, Simon J. and Guinet, Christophe and Hindell, Mark A. (2018). Twilight-Free Geolocation From Noisy Light Data. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1111/2041-210X.12953

1. Solar geolocation is used to quantify the movements of animals tagged with sensors that record ambient light with respect to time. Global location sensor (GLS) tags are small, light, and present minimal drag or wing loading. They are affordable, and some can record data for several migratory cycles. These benefits mean they can be used in applications for which satellite tags are unsuitable. However, large errors in estimated locations can result if the sensor is obscured, especially around twilight, and sometimes the data obtained is unusable by existing methods of analysis due to this source of noise. This places limitations on the usefulness of solar geolocation in conservation and monitoring efforts. 2. All existing methods of analysis are dependent on twilights being identifiable or faithfully recorded. Instead, the method introduced here depends on the overall pattern of day and night to calculate the likelihoods for a Hidden Markov Model, where the hidden states are geographic locations. We call this a "twilight-free" method of light-based geolocation. 3. This method quickly estimates locations from otherwise unusable noisy light data. We use examples to show that the method produces tracks that are comparable in accuracy and precision to other geolocation methods. Furthermore, efficiency and replicability of estimated paths are improved because the user does not have to subjectively identify twilights. Other data sources, such as sea surface temperature and land or sea masks are easily incorporated, further improving location estimates and processing speed. 4. The twilight-free method offers new opportunities to researchers interested in the movements of animals that routinely have obscured sensors, or to analyse previously unusable noisy light data. It offers a fast, efficient, and replicable method for analysing tag data without the need for time-consuming pre- or post-processing. By increasing the yield of usable data from GLS tagging studies, researchers can more efficiently quantify where animals are going and when, and monitor changes in habitat. This is of fundamental importance to management and conservation efforts.

reference index: 17, distance (smaller is better): 1.1046018600463867
	Gilleron, J. B. and Muehlberg, M. and Payan, A. and Choi, Y. and Briceno, S. I. and Mavris, D. N. (2019). Framework For Multi-Asset Comparison And Rapid Down-Selection For Earth Observation Missions. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2514/6.2019-0508

Observing the Earth, whether it be from space or from the air, has become easier in recent years with the advent of new space-borne and airborne technologies. First, satellites constantly provide data about almost any point on the globe with varying resolutions and in various spectral bands. Second, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) are becoming more readily accessible to the public and may be rapidly deployed to take high resolution images of ground features or areas of interest. Third, manned aircraft may be used to image large areas of land at a higher resolution than satellites and have been used regularly in disaster monitoring and surveillance missions. However, when multiple heterogeneous assets compete to perform a given aerial imaging mission, deciding which asset is better suited and/or less costly to operate in a timely manner is challenging. Every acquisition mode is different, resolution values are computed differently and there currently does not exist a common framework to compare UAV, manned aircraft and satellites. To address this challenge, this paper describes a methodology to rapidly compare various types of aerial assets (such as UAVs and manned aircraft) and space assets (such as satellites) to decide which one would be better able to perform an Earth observation mission depending on a set of requirements. To demonstrate the proposed methodology, this paper executes numerical simulations with three different representative scenarii in California. © 2019, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc, AIAA. All rights reserved.

reference index: 18, distance (smaller is better): 1.1050152778625488
	Navalgund, Ranganath R. and Jayaraman, V. and Roy, P. S. (2007). Remote Sensing Applications: An Overview. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Remote Sensing (RS) refers to the science of identification of earth surface features and estimation of their geo-bio-physical properties using electromagnetic radiation as a medium of interaction. Spectral, spatial, temporal and polarization signatures are major characteristics of the sensor/target, which facilitate target discrimination. Earth surface data as seen by the sensors in different wavelengths (reflected, scattered and/or emitted) is radiometrically and geometrically corrected before extraction of spectral information. RS data, with its ability for a synoptic view, repetitive coverage with calibrated sensors to detect changes, observations at different resolutions, provides a better alternative for natural resources management as compared to traditional methods. Indian Earth Observation (EO) programme has been applications-driven and national development has been its prime motivation. From Bhaskara to Cartosat, India's EO capability has increased manifold. Improvements are not only in spatial, spectral, temporal and radiometric resolutions, but also in their coverage and value-added products. Some of the major operational application themes, in which India has extensively used remote sensing data are agriculture, forestry, water resources, land use, urban sprawl, geology, environment, coastal zone, marine resources, snow and glacier, disaster monitoring and mitigation, infrastructure development, etc. The paper reviews RS techniques and applications carried out using both optical and microwave sensors. It also analyses the gap areas and discusses the future perspectives.

reference index: 19, distance (smaller is better): 1.1056952476501465
	Ditmer, Mark A. and Iannarilli, Fabiola and Tri, Andrew N. and Garshelis, David L. and Carter, Neil H. (2021). Artificial Night Light Helps Account For Observer Bias In Citizen Science Monitoring Of An Expanding Large Mammal Population. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1111/1365-2656.13338

1. The integration of citizen scientists into ecological research is transforming how, where, and when data are collected, and expanding the potential scales of ecological studies. Citizen-science projects can provide numerous benefits for participants while educating and connecting professionals with lay audiences, potentially increasing the acceptance of conservation and management actions. However, for all the benefits, collection of citizen-science data is often biased towards areas that are easily accessible (e.g. developments and roadways), and thus data are usually affected by issues typical of opportunistic surveys (e.g. uneven sampling effort). These areas are usually illuminated by artificial light at night (ALAN), a dynamic sensory stimulus that alters the perceptual world for both humans and wildlife. 2. Our goal was to test whether satellite-based measures of ALAN could improve our understanding of the detection process of citizen-scientist-reported sightings of a large mammal. 3. We collected observations of American black bears Ursus americanus (n = 1,315) outside their primary range in Minnesota, USA, as part of a study to gauge population expansion. Participants from the public provided sighting locations of bears on a website. We used an occupancy modelling framework to determine how well ALAN accounted for observer metrics compared to other commonly used metrics (e.g. housing density). 4. Citizen scientists reported 17\% of bear sightings were under artificially lit conditions and monthly ALAN estimates did the best job accounting for spatial bias in detection of all observations, based on AIC values and effect sizes ((beta) over cap = 0.81, 0.71-0.90 95\% CI). Bear detection increased with elevated illuminance; relative abundance was positively associated with natural cover, proximity to primary bear range and lower road density. Although the highest counts of bear sightings occurred in the highly illuminated suburbs of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan region, we estimated substantially higher bear abundance in another region with plentiful natural cover and low ALAN (up to similar to 375\% increased predicted relative abundance) where observations were sparse. 5. We demonstrate the importance of considering ALAN radiance when analysing citizen-scientist-collected data, and we highlight the ways that ALAN data provide a dynamic snapshot of human activity.

reference index: 20, distance (smaller is better): 1.1071019172668457
	Navalgund, R. R. and Singh, R. P. (2010). The Evolution Of The Earth Observation System In India. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

The Indian Earth Observations Programme has been applications- driven and national development has been its prime motivation. From the experimental satellite Bhaskara-I launched in 1979 to the recent Cartosat-2B launched in July 2010, India's Earth Observations capability has increased manifold. The Enhancement in observation capabilities are not only in spatial, spectral, temporal and radiometric resolutions, but also in their coverage and value-added products. The sensors built over this period provide observations over land, atmosphere and oceans in visible, infrared, thermal and microwave regions of the electro magnetic spectrum. Earth Observation data has been extensively used in inventories, monitoring and conservation plans of various natural resources of the country for societal benefits. An institutional mechanism for the absorption of technology at different levels of governance in the country has been built through the concept of the National Natural Resources Management System. The Establishment of various centres/institutions in different states, central agencies as well as academic and research institutions has helped capacity building in the area of remote sensing technology and applications programmes. The paper reviews the evolution of the Earth Observation System in the country in the last three decades and briefly discusses future directions.

reference index: 21, distance (smaller is better): 1.1086678504943848
	Wilson, T and Davis, C (1998). Hyperspectral Remote Sensing Technology (Hrst) Program And The Naval Earthmap Observer (Nemo) Satellite. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.331328

The Office of Naval Research (ONR) and the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) are currently in the design phase of a program called the Hyperspectral Remote Sensing Technology (HRST) program. HRST will demonstrate the utility of a hyperspectral earth-imaging system to support Naval needs for characterization of the littoral regions of the world. One key component of the HRST program is the development of the Naval EarthMap Observer (NEMO) satellite system to provide a large hyperspectral data base. NEMO will carry the Coastal Ocean imaging Spectrometer (COIS) which will provide images of littoral regions with 210 spectral channels over a bandpass of 0.4 to 2.5 mu m Since ocean environments have reflectances typically less than 5\%, this system requires a very high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). COIS will sample over a 30 km swath width with a 60 m Ground Sample Distance (GSD) with the ability to go to a 30 m GSD by utilizing the systems attitude control system to "nod" (i.e., use ground motion compensation to slow down the ground track of the field of view). Also included in the payload is a co-registered 5m Panchromatic Imager (PIC) to provide simultaneous high spatial resolution imagery. A sun-synchronous circular orbit of 605 km allows continuous repeat coverage of the whole earth. One unique aspect of NEMO is an on board processing system, a feature extraction and data compression software package developed by NRL called the Optical Real-Time Spectral identification System (ORASIS). ORASIS employs a parallel, adaptive hyperspectral method for real time scene characterization, data reduction, background suppression, and target recognition. The use of ORASIS is essential for management of the massive amounts of data expected from the NEMO HSI system, and for developing Naval products under HRST. The combined HSI and panchromatic images will provide critical phenomenology to aid in the operation of Naval systems in the littoral environment. The imagery can also satisfy a number of commercial and science community requirements for moderate spatial and high spectral resolution remote sensing data over land and water. Specific areas of interest for the. Navy include bathymetry, water clarity, bottom type, atmospheric visibility, bioluminescence potential, beach characterization, underwater hazards, total column atmospheric water vapor, and detection and mapping of subvisible cirrus. These data support requirements for Joint Strike and Joint Littoral warfare, particularly for environmental characterization of the littoral ocean. Demonstrations of timely downlinks of near real-time data to the warfighter are also being formulated. The NEMO satellite is planned to launch in mid-2000 followed by an operational period of 3 to 5 years.

reference index: 22, distance (smaller is better): 1.1087772846221924
	Reis, B. P. and Martins, S. V. and Fernandes Filho, E. I. and Sarcinelli, T. S. and Gleriani, J. M. and Leite, H. G. and Halassy, M. (2019). Forest Restoration Monitoring Through Digital Processing Of High Resolution Images. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.ecoleng.2018.11.022

Monitoring and evaluating forest restoration projects is a challenge especially in large-scale, but the remote monitoring of indicators with the use of synoptic, multispectral and multitemporal data allows us to gauge the restoration success with more accurately and in small time. The objective of this study was to elaborate and compare methods of remote monitoring of forest restoration using Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) data and multispectral imaging from Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) camera, in addition to comparing the efficiency of supervised classification algorithms Maximum Likelihood (ML) and Random Forest (RF). The study was carried out in a restoration area with about 74 ha and five years of implementation, owned by Fibria Celulose S.A., in the southern region of Bahia State, Brazil. We used images from Canon S110 NIR (green, red, Near Infrared) on UAV and LIDAR data composition (intensity image, Digital Surface Model, Digital Terrain Model, normalized Digital Surface Model). The monitored restoration indicator was the land cover separated in three classes: canopy cover, bare soil and grass cover. The images were classified using the ML and RF algorithms. To evaluate the accuracy of the classifications, the Overall Accuracy (OA) and the Kappa index were used, and the last was compared by Z test. The area occupied by different land cover classes was calculated using ArcGIS and R. The results of OA, Kappa and visual evaluation of the images were excellent in all combinations of the imaging methods and algorithms analyzed. When Kappa values for the two algorithms were compared, RF presented better performance than ML with significant difference, but when sensors (UAV camera and LIDAR) were compared, there were no significant differences. There was little difference between the area occupied by each land cover classes generated by UAV and LIDAR images. The highest cover was generated for canopy cover followed by grass cover and bare soil in all classified images, indicating the need of adaptive management interventions to correct the area trajectory towards the restoration success. The methods employed in this study are efficient to monitor restoration areas, especially on a large scale, allowing us to save time, fieldwork and invested resources. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.

reference index: 23, distance (smaller is better): 1.110268235206604
	Leberl, F. and Meixner, P. and Wendel, A. and Irschara, A. (2012). Automated Photogrammetry For Three-Dimensional Models Of Urban Spaces. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/1.OE.51.2.021117

The location-aware Internet is inspiring intensive work addressing the automated assembly of three-dimensional models of urban spaces with their buildings, circulation spaces, vegetation, signs, even their above-ground and underground utility lines. Two-dimensional geographic information systems (GISs) and municipal utility information exist and can serve to guide the creation of models being built with aerial, sometimes satellite imagery, streetside images, indoor imaging, and alternatively with light detection and ranging systems (LiDARs) carried on airplanes, cars, or mounted on tripods. We review the results of current research to automate the information extraction from sensor data. We show that aerial photography at ground sampling distances (GSD) of 1 to 10 cm is well suited to provide geometry data about building facades and roofs, that streetside imagery at 0.5 to 2 cm is particularly interesting when it is collected within community photo collections (CPCs) by the general public, and that the transition to digital imaging has opened the no-cost option of highly overlapping images in support of a more complete and thus more economical automation. LiDAR-systems are a widely used source of three-dimensional data, but they deliver information not really superior to digital photography. © 2012 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE).

reference index: 24, distance (smaller is better): 1.110361933708191
	Paquette, J. P. (2017). Commercial Satellite Imagery In Peacekeeping Sensor Capabilities–Present And Near Future. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.4324/9781315259901-4

The applications of commercial satellite imagery (CSI) have been wide-spread in non-peacekeeping domains such as mining, agriculture and forestry management, environment assessment, natural disaster damage assessment and urban planning for at least 25 years. With the successful launch of the IKONOS-2 high-resolution satellite borne sensor in September of 1999, the benefit of a high resolution sensor is now available from a commercial satellite platform. The UN has used commercial satellite imagery in several operations. The following technical information is provided to assist in identifying the CSI sensors that could best be used in a support role to UN operational peacekeeping and other assistance missions. These CSI sensors provide very large area coverage, nearly 32,000 sq km, at a reasonable spatial resolution (GSD) of 30 m. LANDSAT imagery collects data in the visible colour range of blue, green and red, three regions of the infrared range and one region of the thermal infrared. © 2004 James F. Keeley and Rob Huebert.

reference index: 25, distance (smaller is better): 1.1106780767440796
	Adhikari, Abhishek and Kumar, Minakshi and Agrawal, Shefali (2023). A Uas-Based Approach For Orchard Geo-Information Management System. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1007/978-3-031-19309-5\_27

The orchard management has improved by adequately utilizing the Remote Sensing (RS) and Geo-Information System (GIS). With the expansion of orchards in recent years, the sector has been facing a lack of skilled workers and specialists for optimal irrigation utilities, nutrient intake, canopy pruning, pest prevention, disease detection, and orchard quality management name a few. Sustainable orchard management will get a potential boost if the orchard database is well documented with standardized remote observation. Also, the observations recorded have optimal spectral, spatial, and temporal parameters to estimate overall changes in the orchard health. The Unmanned Aerial System (UAS)-based RS and GIS provide an approach that allows users to collect data efficiently and orderly. The following case study focuses on mapping a mango orchard by utilizing the derived product of the UAV remote sensing, an RGB ortho-imageries for analysis and generation of the orchard geo-management system. The geo analysis of the orchard is broadly subdivided into two major categories: spatial and spectral properties of the canopies and surroundings. First, the canopies' precise position was determined. Next, the tree height is estimated using the shadow's length, location, and time when the image was captured. From the classified image, individual canopies are labeled, and their top crown size is compared between manually drawn, semi-automatically generated, and field calculated values. It was observed that even though the area difference between these methods was only 1.08 m(2) on average, the difference in perimeter was 8.2 m on average. The automated process can precisely map borders to the pixel level. Simultaneously, the manual method is limited to human perception of boundaries and will vary from user to user. The canopies' spectral response provides insight and permits the interpretation of their physical properties like health, fruit maturity, and diseases. Furthermore, manual and semi-automatic generated canopies were compared concerning object-based averaged spectra. It was observed that the canopies' histogram was bimodal in the green band in both cases. This can be attributed to the two-year cycle of Mangifera indica. Hence some trees were boring abundant fruits while other canopies bore lesser fruits. Further analysis by estimating canopies center, their accurate position is mapped which is very useful for logistics and management like planning for minimal distance to cover every tree for plucking fruits, visiting, or pruning, simulation of the spread of canopies, simulation of infectious disease, inter canopy gaps (between canopies or ground where sunlight illumination is available) to name a few. Finally, the orchard features such as 'Canopy Positional Proximity Value' (CPPV), a positional parameter of an individual tree concerning other trees in the orchard, are defined, which is further used to determine the 'Orchard Compactness Factor' (OCF) as an indicator of how densely the trees are packed in an orchard. OFC and CPPV provides information on orchard density as well as shape-size factor for the orchard geo-management. Hence, UAS-RS and GIS are potential tools that can mitigate many problems associated with orchard geo-management, which may further enhance the overall orchard productivity and sustainability.

reference index: 26, distance (smaller is better): 1.1111115217208862
	Gail, William B. (2007). Remote Sensing In The Coming Decade: The Vision And The Reality. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/1.2539774

Investment in understanding the Earth pays off twice. It enables pursuit of scientific questions that rank among the most interesting and profound of our time. It also serves society's practical need for increased prosperity and security. Over the last half-century, we have built a sophisticated network of satellites, aircraft, and ground-based remote sensing systems to provide raw information from which we derive Earth knowledge. This network has served us well in the development of science and the provision of operational services. In the next decade, the demand for such information will grow dramatically. New remote sensing capabilities will emerge. Rapid evolution of Internet geospatial and location-based services will make communication and sharing of Earth knowledge easier. Governments, businesses, and consumers will all benefit. But this exciting future is threatened from many directions. Risks range from technology and market uncertainties in the private sector to budget cuts and project setbacks in the public sector. The coming decade will see a dramatic confrontation between the vision of what needs to be accomplished in Earth remote sensing and the reality of our resources and commitment. The outcome will have long-term implications for both the remote sensing community and society as a whole.

reference index: 27, distance (smaller is better): 1.1112408638000488
	Hart, A. G. and Rolfe, R. N. and Dandy, S. and Stubbs, H. and MacTavish, D. and MacTavish, L. and Goodenough, A. E. (2015). Can Handheld Thermal Imaging Technology Improve Detection Of Poachers In African Bushveldt?. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0131584

Illegal hunting (poaching) is a global threat to wildlife. Anti-poaching initiatives are making increasing use of technology, such as infrared thermography (IRT), to support traditional foot and vehicle patrols. To date, the effectiveness of IRT for poacher location has not been tested under field conditions, where thermal signatures are often complex. Here, we test the hypothesis that IRT will increase the distance over which a poacher hiding in African scrub bushveldt can be detected relative to a conventional flashlight. We also test whether any increase in effectiveness is related to the cost and complexity of the equipment by comparing comparatively expensive (22000 USD) and relatively inexpensive (2000 USD) IRT devices. To test these hypotheses we employ a controlled, fully randomised, double-blind procedure to find a poacher in nocturnal field conditions in African bushveldt. Each of our 27 volunteer observers walked three times along a pathway using one detection technology on each pass in randomised order. They searched a prescribed search area of bushveldt within which the target was hiding. Hiding locations were pre-determined, randomised, and changed with each pass. Distances of first detection and positive detection were noted. All technologies could be used to detect the target. Average first detection distance for flashlight was 37.3m, improving by 19.8m to 57.1m using LIRT and by a further 11.2m to 68.3m using HIRT. Although detection distances were significantly greater for both IRTs compared to flashlight, there was no significant difference between LIRT and HIRT. False detection rates were low and there was no significant association between technology and accuracy of detection. Although IRT technology should ideally be tested in the specific environment intended before significant investment is made, we conclude that IRT technology is promising for anti-poaching patrols and that for this purpose low cost IRT units are as effective as units ten times more expensive. © 2015 Hart et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

reference index: 28, distance (smaller is better): 1.115208387374878
	Meivel, S. and Maheswari, S. and Banu, D. Faridha (2023). Design And Development Of Human Temperature Measuring System Using Drone Based Multispectral And Thermal Images. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1007/978-3-031-19309-5\_6

People's failure to maintain a social distance is causing the COVID19 virus to spread. We have used the drone thermal images for a maximum of 10 km of coverage to detect temperature and reduce virus spread areas. The part of the work is based on utilizing disinfectant spraying drones, disinfectant testing with the guidance of doctors, setting the path planning of drones for surveying the temperature of people, and monitoring the infected place using GPS. When the thermal camera of the drone detects the temperature values using remote sensing images, the drone covers crowded places like hospitals, cinemas, and temples using remote sensing images. One drone model is designed to provide present results using thermal images. The Proposed drone can cover an affected area of up to 16,000 square meters per hour for capturing remote sensing images. It predicts affected areas using faster CNN algorithms with 2100 thermal images. Thermal mapping is used to monitor the social distance between people, alert people that a virus is spreading, and reduce the risk factor of people's movement. In this paper, remote sensing images are analysed and detect higher temperature areas using thermal mapping (Messina and Modica in Remote Sensing 12:1491, 2020).

reference index: 29, distance (smaller is better): 1.115478277206421
	Huh, Oscar K. and Roberts, Harry H. and Rouse Jr, Lawrence J. (1991). Remote Sensing Of Coastal Environmental Hazards. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.45867

Remote sensing is playing an increasingly important role in management and development of coastal environments through the detection and monitoring of coastal processes. Coastal geomorphic changes, estuarine circulation, pollution and sediment transport, flood area extent, fires, and foliage die-back are readily detectable from aircraft and spaceborne sensors. These data have their greatest value when they are available in near real-time to decision makers such as civil officials (crisis response), corporate officials, and coastal/marine environment operators. Examples of flooding, fires, storm-driven and man-induced damage to coastal environments graphically illustrate the dynamics of these environments. This paper illustrates how a low-cost NOAA high resolution picture transmission (HRPT) earth station provides technological leverage to deal with some of them.

reference index: 30, distance (smaller is better): 1.1164970397949219
	[ESA]European Space Agency (2015). Earth observation science strategy for ESA: a new era for scientific advances and societal benefits. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://esamultimedia.esa.int/multimedia/publications/SP-1329_1/SP-1329-1.pdf

Thanks to the ERS and Envisat workhorse satellites and the series of ongoing and planned Earth Explorer missions, our scientific understanding of Earth has come a long way in recent decades. While science continues to reap the benefits of these missions, we are now in a new era where Earth observation also plays a pivotal role in environmental management systems to benefit society at large and everyday life. The launch of the first Sentinel mission for Europe’s environmental monitoring Copernicus programme signalled a new beginning for operational monitoring. Accordingly, ESA’s new Earth observation science strategy takes a holistic approach that responds to both scientific and societal challenges. Developing new and integrated observing systems, ensuring sustained observations and capabilities to fill gaps in current observing systems, building on well-established international cooperation and taking advantage of the major technological advances in computing capabilities, modelling and data handling not only advances knowledge, but also has cross-cutting impacts. The value of Earth observation is increasingly recognised beyond the traditional fields. Today’s paradigm shift towards open access to data, big data and exascale computing, collaborative approaches and analyses, as well as new ways of visualising and communicating data mean that Earth observation is at society’s fingertips. In essence, as these rapidly evolving technologies become more commonplace and improvements in the ways in which data can be exploited and transformed into knowledge, the better we can address environmental, scientific and societal challenges, adapt to change and improve our way of life. In turn, new knowledge feeds back into new challenges, thereby continuing the process.

reference index: 31, distance (smaller is better): 1.1167793273925781
	Wilson, T and Davis, C (1999). Naval Earthmap Observer (Nemo) Satellite. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.366268

The Office of Naval Research (ONR) and the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) have initiated the Hyperspectral Remote Sensing Technology (HRST) program to demonstrate the utility of a hyperspectral earth-imaging system to support Naval needs for characterization of the littoral regions of the world. One key component of the HRST program is the development of the Naval EarthMap Observer (NEMO) satellite system to provide a large hyperspectral data base. NEMO will carry the Coastal Ocean imaging Spectrometer (COIS) which will provide images of littoral regions with 210 spectral channels over a bandpass of 0.4 to 2.5 mu m. Since ocean environments have reflectances typically less than 5\%, this system requires a very high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). COIS will sample over a 30 km swath width with a 60 m Ground Sample Distance (GSD) with the ability to go to a 30 m GSD by utilizing the systems attitude control system to "nod" (i.e., use ground motion compensation to slow down the ground track of the field of view). Also included in the payload is a co-registered 5 m Panchromatic Imager (PIC) to provide simultaneous high spatial resolution imagery. A sun-synchronous, 97.81 degrees inclination, circular orbit of 605 km allows continuous repeat coverage of the whole earth. One unique aspect of NEMO is an on-board processing system, a feature extraction and data compression software package developed by NRL called the Optical Real-Time Spectral Identification System (ORASIS). ORASIS employs a parallel, adaptive hyperspectral method for real time scene characterization, data reduction, background suppression, and target recognition. The use of ORASIS is essential for management of the massive amounts of data expected from the NEMO HSI system, and for developing Naval products under HRST. The combined HSI and panchromatic images will provide critical phenomenology to aid in the operation of Naval systems in the littoral environment. The imagery can also satisfy a number of commercial and science community requirements for moderate spatial and high spectral resolution remote sensing data over land and water. Specific areas of interest for the Navy include bathymetry, water clarity, bottom type, atmospheric visibility, bioluminescence potential, beach characterization, underwater hazards,total column atmospheric water vapor, and detection and mapping of subvisible cirrus. These data support requirements for Joint Strike and Joint Littoral warfare, particularly for environmental characterization of the littoral ocean. Demonstrations of direct downlinking of near real-time data to the warfighter are also being formulated. The NEMO satellite is planned to launch in 2000 followed by an operational period of 3 to 5 years.

reference index: 32, distance (smaller is better): 1.1185195446014404
	Booth, D. T. and Cox, S. E. and Meikle, T. and Zuuring, H. R. (2008). Ground-Cover Measurements: Assessing Correlation Among Aerial And Ground-Based Methods. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1007/s00267-008-9110-x

Wyoming's Green Mountain Common Allotment is public land providing livestock forage, wildlife habitat, and unfenced solitude, amid other ecological services. It is also the center of ongoing debate over USDI Bureau of Land Management's (BLM) adjudication of land uses. Monitoring resource use is a BLM responsibility, but conventional monitoring is inadequate for the vast areas encompassed in this and other public-land units. New monitoring methods are needed that will reduce monitoring costs. An understanding of data-set relationships among old and new methods is also needed. This study compared two conventional methods with two remote sensing methods using images captured from two meters and 100 meters above ground level from a camera stand (a ground, image-based method) and a light airplane (an aerial, image-based method). Image analysis used SamplePoint or VegMeasure software. Aerial methods allowed for increased sampling intensity at low cost relative to the time and travel required by ground methods. Costs to acquire the aerial imagery and measure ground cover on 162 aerial samples representing 9000 ha were less than $3000. The four highest correlations among data sets for bare ground-the ground-cover characteristic yielding the highest correlations (r)-ranged from 0.76 to 0.85 and included ground with ground, ground with aerial, and aerial with aerial data-set associations. We conclude that our aerial surveys are a cost-effective monitoring method, that ground with aerial data-set correlations can be equal to, or greater than those among ground-based data sets, and that bare ground should continue to be investigated and tested for use as a key indicator of rangeland health. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.

reference index: 33, distance (smaller is better): 1.1199182271957397
	Lemmerman, L. and Raymond, C. and Shotwell, R. and Chase, J. and Bhasin, K. and Connerton, R. (2005). Advanced Platform Technologies For Earth Science. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.actaastro.2004.09.031

Historically, Earth science investigations have been independent and highly focused. However, the Earth's environment is a very dynamic and interrelated system and to understand it, significant improvements in spatial and temporal observations will be required. Science needs to document the need for constellations to achieve desired spatial and temporal observations. A key element envisioned for accomplishing these difficult challenges is the idea of a distributed, heterogeneous, and adaptive observing system or sensor web. This paper focuses on one possible approach based on a LEO constellation composed of 100 spacecraft. A cost analysis has been done to indicate the financial pressures of each mission phase and conclusions are drawn suggesting that new technology investments are needed, directed toward lowering production costs; that operations costs will need to be reduced through autonomy; and that, of the on-board subsystems considered, advanced power generation and management may be the most enabling of new technologies. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ltd.

reference index: 34, distance (smaller is better): 1.1202301979064941
	Amitrano, D. and Cicala, L. and Cuciniello, G. and De Mizio, M. and Poderico, M. and Tufano, F. (2022). Near Real-Time Volumetric Estimates Using Unmanned Aerial Platforms Equipped With Depth And Tracking Sensors. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/s22239462

Volume estimation of specific objects via close-range remote sensing is a complex task requiring expensive hardware and/or significant computational burden, often discouraging users potentially interested in the technology. This paper presents an innovative system for cost-effective near real-time volume estimation based on a custom platform equipped with depth and tracking cameras. Its performance has been tested in different application-oriented scenarios and compared against measurements and state-of-the-art photogrammetry. The comparison showed that the developed architecture is able to provide estimates fully comparable with the benchmark, resulting in a quick, reliable and cost-effective solution to the problem of volumetric estimates within the functioning range of the exploited sensors. © 2022 by the authors.

reference index: 35, distance (smaller is better): 1.1207431554794312
	Kenneth, Thompson (2007). A political history of U.S. Commercial remote sensing, 1984-2007: conflict, collaboration, and the role of knowledge in the high-tech world of earth observation satellites. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://vtechworks.lib.vt.edu/handle/10919/30235

The political history of U.S. commercial remote sensing began in 1984 when the U.S. government first attempted to commercialize its civil earth observation satellite system – Landsat. Since then, the high technology of earth imaging satellite systems has generated intense debates and policy conflicts, primarily centered on U.S. government concerns over the national security and foreign policy implications of high-resolution commercial satellite systems. Conversely, proponents of commercial observation satellites have urged U.S. policymakers to recognize the scientific and socio-economic utility of commercial remote sensing and thus craft and implement regulatory regimes that allow for a greater degree of information openness and transparency in using earth observation satellite imagery. This dissertation traces and analyzes that tumultuous political history and examines the policy issues and social construction of commercial remote sensing to determine the role of knowledge in the effective crafting and execution of commercial remote sensing laws and policies.\nAlthough individual and organizational perspectives, interests, missions, and cultures play a significant role in the social construction of commercial observation satellite systems and programs, the problem of insufficient knowledge of the myriad dimensions and complex nature of commercial remote sensing is a little studied but important component of this social construction process. Knowledge gaps concerning commercial remote sensing extend to various dimensions of the subject matter, such as the global, economic, technical, and legal/policy aspects.\nNumerous examples of knowledge voids are examined to suggest a connection between deficient knowledge and divergent policy perceptions as they relate to commercial remote sensing. Relevant knowledge voids are then structurally categorized to demonstrate the vastness and complexity of commercial remote sensing policy issues and to offer recommendations on how to fill such knowledge gaps to effect increased collaboration between the US government and the U.S. commercial remote sensing industry. Finally, the dissertation offers suggestions for future STS studies on policy issues, particularly those that focus on the global dimensions of commercial remote sensing or on applying the knowledge gap concept advanced by this dissertation to other areas of science and technology policymaking.

reference index: 36, distance (smaller is better): 1.1207972764968872
	Seelan, SK and Laguette, S and Casady, GM and Seielstad, GA (2003). Remote Sensing Applications For Precision Agriculture: A Learning Community Approach. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.rse.2003.04.007

Farmers throughout the world are constantly searching for ways to maximize their returns. Remote Sensing, Geographic Information Systems (GIS), and Global Positioning Systems (GPS) may provide technologies needed for farmers to maximize the economic and environmental benefits of precision fanning. However, most farmers do not have the skills to utilize these technologies effectively. Through a learning community approach led by the Upper Midwest Aerospace Consortium (UMAC), information was shared among scientists, agricultural producers, and data providers. Farmers and ranchers received value-added information derived from AVHRR, MODIS, ETM+, IKONOS, Digit Inc's DALSA camera system and Positive Systems' ADAR 5500 digital aerial camera, over four growing seasons. Emphasis has been placed on reducing the time between data acquisition and delivery of value-added products to farmers, developing practical uses for the data and providing basic training so that the end users could understand how to interpret the information. Farmers and ranchers in rural areas were connected via wide-bandwidth satellite link to a central distribution center at the University of North Dakota. The farmers participated actively in evaluating the usefulness of inputs derived from remotely sensed data, sometimes even by conducting experiments on fertilizer and fungicide applications and assessing the economic benefits. Resulting applications included management zone delineation, verifying the effectiveness of variable-rate fertilizer applications, verifying the effectiveness of fungicide applications, quantifying the loss due to accidental spray drift damage, selecting acres within sugar beet fields under the Payment in Kind program, and monitoring physical damage due to insect, inundation, wind and bail. Several other in-field, early season management practices were also reviewed using high-resolution images. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

reference index: 37, distance (smaller is better): 1.1229472160339355
	Watremez, X. and Baron, T. and Marble, A. and Miegebielle, V. and Marcarian, X. and Foucher, P. Y. and Cezard, N. and Raybaut, M. (2020). Validation Of Innovative Systems Of Remote Gas Leaks Detection And Quantification Reducing Emissions And Increasing Safety. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1109/IGARSS39084.2020.9323685

Gas leaks are a major issue for Oil and Gas companies, either for environment or safety purposes. Remote sensing technologies can be applied for a wide range of gas leak flowrates and in three main cases: major leaks in crisis management; medium size leaks in safety monitoring; small leaks in environmental monitoring. In 2019, TOTAL completed a five-year Research and Development collaborative project NAOMI (New Advanced Observation Method Integration) with ONERA, The French Aerospace Lab, to develop technologies for remote detection, identification, visualization and quantification of gas leaks with applications relating to safety and environmental protection. TOTAL organized several gas test campaigns on Lacq Pilot Platform in France, called TADI (Total Anomaly Detection Initiatives) to evaluate and select relevant technologies. © 2020 IEEE.

reference index: 38, distance (smaller is better): 1.1233476400375366
	Voss, K. and Goetzke, R. and Thierfeldt, F. and Menz, G. (2007). Integrating Applied Remote Sensing Methodology In Secondary Education. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1109/IGARSS.2007.4423264

Remote sensing is a fast growing technology with an increasing need for highly qualified employees. Especially in governmental sectors regarding ecology, disaster management, or traffic control the need for data and applications is growing rapidly. The increasing amount of remote sensing satellite missions and the generated products also mirrors this development. By contrast the public perception of the development that is taking place in this technology, regarding higher spatial and spectral resolution, and the resultant benefits are significantly low. In secondary education classes in Germany remote sensing and related products are inexistent, although the use of information technology and methods are explicitly requested in recent,curricula. The presented study aims at the integration of remote sensing in secondary education. In cooperation with eight participating schools an interdisciplinary didactical approach is developed to integrate remote sensing in regular classes by linking regular education standards with technology that is new and fascinating for students. In the past, experiments using satellite imagery in high school education often failed because of rudimentary computer infrastructure, the lack of knowledge about this technology on the part of the teachers, and especially because of a huge amount of extra work for teachers. In a first step regular class issues were identified that are appropriate for the sustainable integration of Remote Sensing methodology. Afterwards first material and teaching units were prepared providing regular topics supported by satellite imagery and digital image processing methods.

reference index: 39, distance (smaller is better): 1.1235889196395874
	Zingaro, Marina and La Salandra, Marco and Capolongo, Domenico (2022). New Perspectives Of Earth Surface Remote Detection For Hydro-Geomorphological Monitoring Of Rivers. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/su142114093

In the current scenery of climate change and its relatively increasing visible effects seen over the world, the monitoring of geomorphological processes and flood dynamics becomes more and more necessary for disaster risk reduction. During recent decades, the advantages offered by remote sensing for Earth surface observations have been widely exploited, producing images, digital elevation models (DEM), maps, and other tools useful for hydro-geomorphological parameters detection, flood extent monitoring, and forecasting. However, today, advanced technologies and integrated methodologies do not yet enable one to completely provide near-real-time (NRT) and very-high-resolution (VHR) observations of a river, which is needed for risk evaluation and correct operational strategy identification. This work presents an advanced remote detection analysis system (ARDAS) based on the combination of multiple technologies, such as Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) systems, Structure from Motion (SfM) techniques, and cloud computing environment. The system allows to obtain VHR products, such as ortho-photomosaics and DEM, for deep observation of the river conditions, morphological modifications, and evolution trend. The test of ARDAS in the Basento river catchment area (Basilicata, South Italy) showed that the innovative system (i) proves to be advantageous in river monitoring due to its high accuracy, quickness, and data flexibility; (ii) could represent a NRT solution for timely support of flood hazard assessments; and (iii) can be further developed by integrating other technologies for direct application in land planning and safeguard activities by contributing to the value chain of the new space economy and sustainable development.

reference index: 40, distance (smaller is better): 1.126236081123352
	Buck, A. and Deardorff, M. and Anderson, D. T. and Wilkin, T. and Keller, J. M. and Scott, G. and Luke, R. H. and Camaioni, R. (2021). Vader: A Hardware And Simulation Platform For Visually Aware Drone Autonomy Research. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.2586360

Low altitude Unmanned Aerial Systems (UASs) provide a highly exible and capable platform for remote sensing and autonomous control. There are many applications that would benefit from an additional bird's eye view, including mapping, environmental reconnaissance, and search and rescue to name a few. An autonomous (or partially autonomous) drone could assist in several of these scenarios, freeing the operator to focus on higher-level strategic planning. While numerous commercial drones exist on the market, none truly provide a exible foundation for vision guided autonomy research. Herein, we propose the design of a physical UAS platform, called VADER (Visually Aware Drone for Environmental Reconnaissance), and an accompanying simulation environment that addresses many of these tasks. In particular, we show how Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) hardware and open source software can now be combined to realize powerful end-to-end UAS research solutions. The beauty of unifying these factors is accelerated prototyping and minimal time to migrate and test in the real world. This article outlines VADER and case studies are presented to demonstrate capabilities. © 2021 SPIE.

reference index: 41, distance (smaller is better): 1.1275930404663086
	Gail, William B. (2006). Remote Sensing In The Coming Decade: The Vision And The Reality - Art. No. 629801. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.694379

Investment in understanding the Earth pays off twice. It enables pursuit of scientific questions that rank among the most interesting and profound of our time. It also serves society's practical need for increased prosperity and security. Over the last half-century, we have built a sophisticated network of satellites, aircraft, and ground-based remote sensing systems to provide the raw information from which we derive Earth knowledge. This network has served us well in the development of science and the provision of operational services. In the next decade, the demand for such information will grow dramatically. New remote sensing capabilities will emerge. Rapid evolution of Internet geospatial and location-based services will make communication and sharing of Earth knowledge much easier. Governments, businesses, and consumers will all benefit. But this exciting future is threatened from many directions. Risks range from technology and market uncertainties in the private sector to budget cuts and project setbacks in the public sector. The coming decade will see a dramatic confrontation between the vision of what needs to be accomplished in Earth remote sensing and the reality of our resources and commitment. The outcome will have long-term implications for both the remote sensing community and society as a whole.

reference index: 42, distance (smaller is better): 1.1288871765136719
	Pluto-Kossakowska, J. and Osińska-Skotak, K. and Fijałkowska, A. and Chmiel, J. (2013). Use Of Remote Sensing In Control Of Good Agricultural And Environmental Conditions On Agricultural Farms. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2478/ecoq-2013-0018

In the frame of EU common agricultural policy, applicant farmers shall receive subsidies for agricultural production. A producer receiving payments is required to meet the basic requirements for the maintenance of all farmland in good agricultural conditions consistence with environmental protection. Since 2009, applicant farmer is obliged to comply with standards adopted by Poland in the so-called cross-compliance requirements. Member States shall determine at the national level for Good Agricultural and Environmental Conditions (GAEC). Compliance with these standards, to maintain good agricultural practice is controlled selectively in the annual inspection campaigns conducted by the Agency for Restructuring and Modernization of Agriculture (ARMA). One of control method is Control with Remote Sensing (CwRS), method that involves the determination in satellite or aerial images boundaries of areas subject to subsidies. Experience in the use of remote sensing, however, indicate the potential for the use of processed satellite or air orthophotomaps not only for cropping delineation but also to verify certain elements of agricultural practices. During the CwRS routine, one could indicate a possible non-compliance issues directly on the image and thereby optimize the process of control. The studies indicated which of the requirements to maintain land in good agricultural conditions might be monitored with CwRS. The results of the series of experiments showed that both kind of aerial and satellite orthophoto can be consider as equivalent materials. Features or phenomenon spread over a large area or occurred point-wise are detectable in image easier than during field inspection. Also wherever access or visibility on the ground is limited due to the morphology complexity, road network, etc., orthophotomap provide better angle of view. Nevertheless, the ratio benefit/cost for managing the entire control on national level should be checked against the efficiency of field control.

reference index: 43, distance (smaller is better): 1.1304574012756348
	Ireland, Alex W. and Palandro, David A. and Garas, Victory and Woods, Richard W. and Davi, Richard A. and Butler, Josh D. and Gibbens, Dyan M. and Gibbens, Jr., Jeffrey S. (2019). Testing Unmanned Aerial Systems For Monitoring Wildlife At Night. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1002/wsb.952

Monitoring wildlife populations in proximity to industrial activities, including oil and gas operations, is critical to mitigating potential risk to both animals and workers, especially at night. We report on tests of mobile and power-tethered unmanned aerial systems (UASs) equipped with thermal cameras, comparing between these systems as well as to more conventional ground-based camera traps. Our overall objective was to develop suggestions for potential utility of UASs by industry to monitor wildlife populations. We focused on straightforward counts of animals, qualitative comparisons of system operations and detection capabilities, and a simple spatial interpolation of observed animals to illustrate how these data could potentially be used in operational decision-making. Results suggested that wide fields-of-view and extended operational periods offered by power-tethered UASs could be advantageous for spatially extensive and temporally continuous monitoring needs, but that mobile UASs more easily generated mapped data products for integration into existing Geographic Information Systems. In either case, system redundancy would be critical to ensuring effective deployment in real-world monitoring for risk mitigation. (c) 2019 The Wildlife Society.

reference index: 44, distance (smaller is better): 1.1308400630950928
	Mertikas, S. P. and Partsinevelos, P. and Mavrocordatos, C. and Maximenko, N. A. (2020). Environmental Applications Of Remote Sensing. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/B978-0-12-809582-9.00003-7

Remote sensing, the science and technology through which characteristics and properties of targets on Earth can be identified and determined from a distance, has provided systematic, dedicated, and repetitive observations of the Earth’s surface (atmosphere, water, land, living species, vegetation, pollution, climate) from global to local scales. Satellite observations have contributed to the spectacular improvement of the accuracy of weather forecasts over the last few decades. Remote sensing has provided the means for detecting and quantifying the rates of pollution, and mapping and monitoring sources of pollution and the degree of remediation for their management. It has the means to respond and facilitate environmental management, and makes sound and evidence-based decisions in relation to Earth’s resources at a global scale and across different continents, nations, and domains. Remote sensing currently supplies essential Earth observations to protect irreplaceable resources and provide support for sustainable economic growth, disaster resilience, management of energy and mineral resources, food and water security, and sustainability. It provides powerful tools for understanding the past and present conditions of Earth systems and components, as well as the interplay between them. Thus remote sensing could assist us to solve environmental problems, address and mitigate risks, and deliver skillful predictions of the future behaviors of Earth systems (natural disasters, state of oceans, atmosphere, land, vegetation, food, public health, etc.). And by translating these Earth observations into decision making, remote sensing could help mobilize actions to mitigate effects to the benefit of human race. © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

reference index: 45, distance (smaller is better): 1.1312272548675537
	Hasselerharm, Chris D. and Yanco, Esty and McManus, Jeannine S. and Smuts, Bool H. and Ramp, Daniel (2021). Wildlife-Friendly Farming Recouples Grazing Regimes To Stimulate Recovery In Semi-Arid Rangelands. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2021.147602

While rangeland ecosystems are globally important for livestock production, they also support diverse wildlife assemblages and are crucial for biodiversity conservation. As rangelands around the world have become increas-ingly degraded and fragmented, rethinking farming practice in these landscapes is vital for achieving conserva-tion goals, rangeland recovery, and food security. An example is reinstating livestock shepherding, which aims to recouple grazing regimes to vegetation conditioned to semi-arid climates and improve productivity by reduc-ing overgrazing and rewiring past ecological functions. Tracking the large-scale ecosystem responses to shifts in land management in such sparsely vegetated environments have so far proven elusive. Therefore, our goal was to develop a remote tracking method capable of detecting vegetation changes and environmental responses on rangeland farms engaging in contrasting farming practices in South Africa: wildlife friendly farming (WFF) implementing livestock shepherding with wildlife protection, or rotational grazing livestock farming with wild-life removal. To do so, we ground-truthed Sentinel-2 satellite imagery using drone imagery and machine learning methods to trace historical vegetation change on four farms over a four-year period. First, we successfully classi-fied land cover maps cover using drone footage and modelled vegetation cover using satellite vegetation indices, achieving 93.4\% accuracy (k = 0.901) and an r-squared of 0.862 (RMSE = 0.058) respectively. We then used this model to compare the WFF farm to three neighbouring rotational grazing farms, finding that satellite-derived vegetation productivity was greater and responded more strongly to rainfall events on the WFF farm. Furthermore, vegetation cover and grass cover, patch size, and aggregation were greater on the WFF farm when classified using drone data. Overall, we found that remotely assessing regional environmental benefits from contrasting farming practices in rangeland ecosystems could aid further adoption of wildlife-friendly practices and help to assess the generality of this case study. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

reference index: 46, distance (smaller is better): 1.1314060688018799
	Addona, F. and Sistilli, F. and Romagnoli, C. and Cantelli, L. and Liserra, T. and Archetti, R. (2022). Use Of A Raspberry-Pi Video Camera For Coastal Flooding Vulnerability Assessment: The Case Of Riccione (Italy). N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/w14070999

Coastal monitoring is strategic for the correct assessment of nearshore morphodynamics, to verify the effects of anthropogenic interventions for the purpose of coastal protection and for the rapid assessment of flooding vulnerability due to severe events. Remote sensing and field surveys are among the main approaches that have been developed to meet these necessities. Key parameters in the assessment and prevision of coastal flooding extensions, beside meteomarine characteristics, are the topography and slope of beaches, which can be extremely dynamic. The use of continuous monitoring through orthorectified video images allows for the rapid detection of the intertidal bathymetry and flooding threshold during severe events. The aim of this work was to present a comparison of different monitoring strategies and methodologies that have been integrated into repeated surveys in order to evaluate the performance of a new camera system. We used a low-cost camera based on Raspberry Pi called VISTAE (Video monitoring Intelligent STAtion for Environmental applications) for long-term remote observations and GNSS-laser tools for field measurements. The case study was a coastal tract in Riccione, Italy (Northern Adriatic Sea), which is the seat of nourishment interventions and of different types of underwater protection structures to combat coastal erosion. We performed data acquisition and analysis of the emerged beach and of the swash zone in terms of the intertidal bathymetry and shoreline. The results show a generally good agreement between the field and remote measurements through image processing, with a small discrepancy of the order of ≈0.05 m in the vertical and ≈1.5 m in the horizontal in terms of the root mean square error (RMSE). These values are comparable with that of current video monitoring instruments, but the VISTAE has the advantages of its low-cost, programmability and automatized analyses. This result, together with the possibility of continuous monitoring during daylight hours, supports the advantages of a combined approach in coastal flooding vulnerability assessment through integrated and complementary techniques. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.

reference index: 47, distance (smaller is better): 1.132448673248291
	Um, J. S. and Wright, R. (1998). A Comparative Evaluation Of Video Remote Sensing And Field Survey For Revegetation Monitoring Of A Pipeline Route. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/S0048-9697(97)00340-9

At present, restoration monitoring of pipeline routes is based mainly on field sampling. The 'integrated mapping' approach has received only limited attention from the field ecologist. The reason for this could be the largely undemonstrated value of video for the field ecologist as a monitoring tool for a corridor target, the complexity of analysing the video and the lack of research on comparative evaluation of video surveys with the field approach. An exhaustive and realistic comparison of the two techniques was conducted, based on time-lapse video data and field survey data. Both techniques have been investigated for a variety of aspects: synoptic information, ground detail and information adequacy for customer requirement. The video imagery was able to isolate the major plant communities of a narrow pipeline corridor with reliable spatial precision. Although field surveys have already gained worldwide recognition by plant ecologists as a typical method of pipeline corridor monitoring, this approach did not provide a level of information that is either scientifically reliable or economically feasible in terms of corridor site management (e.g. remedial field works). In conclusion, it is suggested that an integrated mapping approach, using aerial video in combination with supplementary ground data, can meet the requirements for monitoring revegetation of a pipeline route.

reference index: 48, distance (smaller is better): 1.1332149505615234
	Agapiou, Athos and Alexakis, Dimitrios D. and Hadjimitsis, Diofantos G. (2019). Potential Of Virtual Earth Observation Constellations In Archaeological Research. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/s19194066

Earth observation sensors continually provide datasets with different spectral and spatial characteristics, while a series of pre- and postprocessing techniques are needed for calibration purposes. Nowadays, a variety of satellite images have become accessible to researchers, while big data cloud platforms allow them to deal with an extensive number of datasets. However, there is still difficulty related to these sensors meeting specific needs and challenges such as those of cultural heritage and supporting archaeological research world-wide. The harmonization and synergistic use of different sensors can be used in order to maximize the impact of earth observation sensors and enhance their benefit to the scientific community. In this direction, the Committee on Earth Observation Satellites (CEOS) has proposed the concept of virtual constellations, which is defined as "a coordinated set of space and/or ground segment capabilities from different partners that focuses on observing a particular parameter or set of parameters of the Earth system". This paper provides an overview of existing and future earth observation sensors, the various levels of interoperability as proposed by Wulder et al., and presents some preliminary results from the Thessalian plain in Greece using integrated optical and radar Sentinel images. The potential for archaeolandscape studies using virtual constellations is discussed here.

reference index: 49, distance (smaller is better): 1.134887456893921
	Li, X. and Jin, M. and Liu, Z. and Huang, R. and Guo, Z. (2013). Building Cyberinfrastructure For Data Management And Sensor Control In Ocean Observation. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.302.735

Today, in order to enrich economic and scientific research value, sensor network and its data management system have been widely used in ocean observing and in real-time continuous data collecting. In this article, the risks associated with modeling, assessing, managing, and communicating of observing systems are taken into consideration, a cyberinfrastructure architecture is designed to ensure the global observation networks real-time, integrated network research and mass data analysis, with its base station communications, satellites and cables to transfer data, using distributed computing platform for real-time analysis of mass data of worldwide sensors to obtain the new progress of research topic and provide disaster warning. This is important to allow researchers study collaboratively with other researchers as if in their laboratories, also cause the public to further contact with sea world, and widen the public education road. © (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.

reference index: 50, distance (smaller is better): 1.1370134353637695
	Silveira, J. M. D. C. and Cândido, B. M. and Silva, A. L. B. D. O. and Pavão, G. C. and Xavier, M. A. and Pires, R. C. D. M. (2020). Multispectral And Thermographic Images For Monitoring The Water Conditions Of Sugarcane. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.15809/irriga.2020v25n4p689-696

Among the main production chains in the state of São Paulo, sugarcane stands out, with the cultivation of extensive areas and economic importance for sugar, ethanol and bioenergy production. One of the techniques that permeate sugarcane crops in large areas and can contribute to higher productivity and production quality is irrigation. Therefore, it is essential to know the different irrigation management that can be applied in extensive areas aimed at the efficient use of water and considering the water status and plant development. In this sense, remote sensing brought benefits for sugarcane cultivation with studies of biomass estimation, plant growth and vigor, but few studies have shown results on monitoring the water status of the plant aiming at irrigation management possibilities considering the water deficit of plants. In this context, this study evaluated alternatives for monitoring the water status of sugarcane with the use of thermographic and multispectral cameras embedded in an unmanned aerial vehicle. The evaluations allowed recording differences between irrigated treatments compared to treatments without irrigation in the two cameras used. Thermographic images can evaluate the water status of sugarcane plants quickly, nondestructively and efficiently. © 2020, Universidade Estadual Paulista - UNESP. All rights reserved.

reference index: 51, distance (smaller is better): 1.1372584104537964
	LeBoeuf, J. (2000). Practical Applications Of Remote Sensing Technology - An Industry Perspective. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.21273/horttech.10.3.475

The initial surge of interest in precision agriculture technologies exhibited by innovators and early adopters involved in crop production appears to have crossed over an important threshold. As valuable field experience increases and learning by doing advances, successful applications of management practices are being identified even though few are adequately documented with economic benefits. Access to accurate information pertaining to applications of site-specific management would be expected to motivate more producers to incorporate technology uses with crop production. This next group of producers has been watching technology developments as they preferred to avoid risk and wait for identifiable benefits. Waiting for detailed case studies involving high value fruits and vegetables may be the wrong approach to take. Fierce competition and strict confidentiality are expected in the fresh market industry. Thus, personal experience with technology becomes more relevant to innovative producers than published literature. This is especially true in California where 350 different crops are produced. High resolution imagery from digital aerial and satellite sensors has been used in crop production in California to identify plant stress, direct plant tissue and soil sampling efforts, and provide information for analysis and interpretation of crop growth. Examples of remote sensing imagery that have provided valuable in-season progress reports will be identified. The focus will be on practice, not theory, as seen from an industry perspective.

reference index: 52, distance (smaller is better): 1.13762629032135
	Lichtwer, L. and Schaude, G. R. (1974). Benefits Of Remote Sensing. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

In October, 1972, the Gesellschaft fur Weltraumforschung (Society for Space Research) in West Germany commissioned Messerschmitt Bolkow Blohm to conduct an investigation on the benefits of remote sensing from space. The results of the economic part of the study (benefits and users), which was carried out by Batelle Frankfurt, are outlined in this article. The evaluation, which is based on a summary of information gathered in interviews with users, is intended to provide an initial indication of the importance of the various benefits. The most important applications of remote sensing in the different user groups include: agriculture, forestry, fishery, regional planning, air pollution control, and water pollution control. It is shown that the relative importance of remote sensing in West Germany and in other European countries differs considerably from that in the U.S. Those differences between vast, sparsely populated countries like the U.S. and densely populated countries of a small area like those of Europe clearly show that it is not legitimate to apply the results of cost benefit analyses and the implications for research activities in the U.S. directly to conditions in Western European countries. The study also shows that for some applications remote sensing methods are definitely superior to conventional methods used in West Germany. Therefore, it is desirable to amplify its results by more detailed studies. In particular, a detailed monetary evaluation of all benefits should be made. Only then could the economic benefit of remote sensing programs be compared with that of other research schemes.

reference index: 53, distance (smaller is better): 1.139063835144043
	Pałas, K. W. and Zawadzki, J. (2020). Sentinel-2 Imagery Processing For Tree Logging Observations On The Bialowieza Forest World Heritage Site. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/F11080857

Deforestation is currently among the most critical ecological issues, which need to be addressed urgently. Hence, identification of effective environmental monitoring methods is of top priority, especially in locations where no precise ground-based data are available. Constant development of remote sensing technology provides an increasing number of tools needed for that purpose, based on extraction of information about Earth's surface. One of the most advanced Earth Observation (EO) programs is Copernicus, established by European Space Agency (ESA). It incorporates a constellation of Sentinel satellites continuously delivering imagery, which can serve as input data for further environmental analyses. They can be performed in the Sentinel Application Platform (SNAP), the software also developed by ESA. The Sentinel-2 (S-2) mission was designed specifically for Earth's surface observation. It acquires high-resolution data within visible and infrared range of electromagnetic spectrum (EMS), which has found applications in forest cover monitoring. In this paper, S-2 imagery was processed in SNAP software to determine its potential for deforestation observation on the example of 2017 tree logging in Bialowieza Forest. For this purpose, images from October 2016 and 2018, covering the area of interest, were downloaded from the Copernicus Open Hub Platform. They then underwent pre-processing, involving atmospheric correction, resampling, and subset operations. As a part of environmental analysis, a set of chosen radiometric and biophysical indices was computed to preliminarily determine their usefulness for deforestation mapping. Index values were extracted from tree logging areas using pinpoints and region of interest (ROI) mask. The most effective indicators were the MERIS Terrestrial Chlorophyll Index (MTCI) and the Brightness Index (BI). The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), as well as the Ratio Vegetation Index (RVI), also displayed promising results. The results were visualized in Quantum GIS (QGIS) software, provided by the Open Source Geospatial Foundation (OSGeo). © 2020 by the authors.

reference index: 54, distance (smaller is better): 1.1404670476913452
	Rustamov, R. B. and Salahova, S. E. and Hasanova, S. N. and Zeynalova, M. H. and Aleskerov, E. (2011). Advance Space Technology In The Linear Transportation System For Safety And Security Purposes. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Safe pipeline laying-out and transportation of energy resources are a major concern for the public and the pipeline industry. There are several aspects for support of critical infrastructure protection using the remote sensing for oil and gas pipeline safety purposes. It is an improvement of the transportation security, social and economical benefits, natural disaster, risk to property and human life etc. Different countries use of different regulations and instructions for management of actions and the monitor of pipelines for transportation of natural oil and gas. Irrespective of details of individual requirements, it is an interest of any owner of the pipeline to support the pipeline in working condition and protect them effectively against the damage caused by the third parties. The general methods of monitoring most widely used for pipelines of transportation of natural oil and gas include patrolling among the route of the pipeline and remote observation from the appropriate height. For realization of monitoring of pipelines it is widely used small planes and helicopters. Though these methods are the high guarantor of safety of oil and gas pipelines but in this case the price is also enough high. Significant progress in the field of technology of high resolution remote sensing data used as plane and satellite onboard sensors and reduction of the cost due to increase of a memory capacity of computer technology and expansion of an opportunity of data processing technology was created with favorable conditions of application of this technology in safety and security issues of pipelines in transportations of oil and gas. Today opportunity of high resolution of space imagery use creates a positive environment on application of space technology for monitoring of integrated systems in different areas of industry and commercial purposes. They are an airborne, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and satellite Synthetic Aperture Radar and LIDAR multi-spectral and hyper-spectral sensors. One of the advance methods of feasibility study of appropriate services for monitoring of integration systems is based on remote sensing data and Geographic Information System (GIS) developments. Objective of this approach is to improve safety, security aspects of integration systems, reduce survey costs and improve transportation and transmission efficiency through an increased monitoring frequency. Earth observation for investigation requires very high resolution optical and in most cases radar sensors. A very high resolution is here defined as a resolution of 1 meter and better. This scale is required to allow the detection of targets. A very high resolution satellite observation, formerly limited to national and strictly classified reconnaissance tasks, has become a commercial business in the recent years. Affected by satellites losses and pioneered with Space Imaging's IKONOS satellite, better than 1 meter resolution optical data is now available for science and commercial use. The use of advance technology makes available to enhance planning, design, management, operation and maintenance of the linear infrastructure. Aerial and satellite data based on the remote sensing methods with further integration to GIS technologies represent the area of rapid responds and developments which can be leveraged to assist the linear systems risk assessment to assure the safety of linear infrastructures. Industrial and scientific achievements in satellite remote sensing methods and appropriate data processing techniques are opening a new wide technological opportunities and availabilities to develop an enhanced capability to accomplish the linear systems mapping and safety needs of the oil and gas transportation. Combination of those technologies with GIS has a valuable and significant potential for further application to a huge of cross cutting system of security issues. © 2011 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.

reference index: 55, distance (smaller is better): 1.141137719154358
	Contzen, J. P. (1989). The Benefit Of Remote Sensing Activities Of The Joint Research Centre (Jrc) In Europe And Africa. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/0031-8663(89)90029-X

The further development of remote sensing applications depends on an enhanced dialogue between those who master the technique of remote sensing and the ultimate users. A correct balance between the technology push and the market pull is not always easy to strike in this area. Within the Commission of the European Communities, services are working together on the one hand, on implementation of policies related to agriculture, environment, assistance to developing countries, regional development and raw materials and, on the other hand, on JRC research to promote new applications of remote sensing. These concerted efforts have led to successful results which clearly establish the benefits derived from each observation from space, for certain sectors of socio-economic relevance. © 1989.

reference index: 56, distance (smaller is better): 1.142431378364563
	Seielstad, GA and Laguette, S and Seelan, S and Lawrence, R and Nielsen, GA and Clay, D and Dalsted, K (2002). Applications Of Remote Sensing To Precision Agriculture With Dual Economic And Environmental Benefits. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.454211

In the U.S. Northern Great Plains, growing seasons are short but extremely productive. Farms and ranches are large, so many of precision agriculture's early adopters reside in the region. Crop yield maps at season's end reveal sizable variations across fields. Farm management relying upon uniform chemical applications is ineffective and wasteful. We provided information about crop and range status in near-real-time, so that in-season decisions could be made to optimize final yields and minimize environmental degradation. We created learning communities, in which information is shared among scientists, farmers, ranchers, and data providers. The new information for agricultural producers was satellite and aerial imagery. Value-added information was derived from ETM+, AVHRR, IKONOS, and MODIS sensors. The emphasis was on reducing the time between acquisition of data by a satellite and delivery of value-added products to farmers and ranchers. To distribute large spatial data sets in short times to rural users we relied upon satellite transmission (Direct PC). Results include: (1) management zone delineation, (2) variable-rate fertilizer applications, (3) weed detection, (4) irrigation efficiency determination, (5) detection of insect infestation, (6) specification of crop damage due to inadvertent chemical application, and (7) determination of livestock carrying capacities on rangelands.

reference index: 57, distance (smaller is better): 1.1426647901535034
	Kramer, Herbert (2002). Observation of the Earth and Its Environment. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-56294-5

This book is about spaceborne missions and instruments. In addition, surveys of airborne missions and of campaigns can be found on the accompanying CD-ROM in pdf-format. Compared with the 3rd edition the spaceborne part grew from about 300 to 1000 pages. The complete text - including the electronic-only chapters - contains more than 1900 pages. New chapters treat the history of Earth observation and university missions. The number of commercial Earth imaging missions has grown significantly. A chapter contains reference data and definitions. Extensive appendices provide a comprehensive glossary, acronyms and abbreviations and an index of sensors. An effort has been made to present the information in context, to point out relationships and interconnections. The book may serve as a reference and guide to all involved in the various national and international space programs: researchers and managers, service providers and data users, teachers and students.

reference index: 58, distance (smaller is better): 1.1435046195983887
	De Soyres, F. (1989). Economic Aspects Of New Cartographic Products. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1080/01431168908903876

With the development of remote sensing technology, we have today the technical means to provide cartographic products of excellent quality; but these images are very expensive to produce and therefore not always affordable. This paper attempts to assess whether the advantages and benefits of this new technology are great enough to justify the costs by comparing the costs and advantages of a map produced using SPOT data over one produced by traditional methods. © 1989 Taylor & Francis Ltd.

reference index: 59, distance (smaller is better): 1.14369797706604
	Reusen, I. and Lewyckyj, N. and Adriaensen, S. and Biesemans, J. and Everaerts, J. and Kempenaers, S. (2008). Near-Real-Time Forest Fires Monitoring System: Case Study With A Manned Aerial Vehicle Within The Osiris Project. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2495/FIVA080151

Within the framework of the European-funded OSIRIS Integrated Project (FP6-IST-2005-2.5.12 ICT for Environmental Risk Management) a high spatial resolution video sensor (with thermal capabilities) on a manned helicopter platform will be plugged-in the OSIRIS architecture to monitor forest fires in the South of France. The OSIRIS project "Open architecture for Smart and Interoperable networks in Risk Management based on In-situ Sensors" aims at enhancing the overall efficiency of the in-situ processing chain by connecting the in-situ sensors via an intelligent and versatile network infrastructure that will enable end-users to access multi-domain sensors information. During the forest fires live demonstration the video frames acquired from a helicopter platform will be down-linked in real-time to the mobile Ground Control Station (GCS) for visual inspection by the end-users and for limited processing at the μ-PAF (μ-Processing and Archiving Facility). By means of a satellite link the compressed data is transferred to the Central Data Processing Center (CDPC) located at the premises of VITO in Mol (Belgium) for processing to e.g. composite images. The near-real-time, geo-referenced composite images can be used by the enduser as map of the surveyed area. The CDPC is connected to the OSIRIS architecture. Processing of data or access to archived data in the CDPC can be requested via the OSIRIS architecture. During the forest fire live demonstration planned in spring 2009 the merit of the OSIRIS concept will be evaluated against cheaper and more efficient decision-making.

reference index: 60, distance (smaller is better): 1.1438413858413696
	Kung, C. (2013). Precise Positioning Solutions From A John Deere Company. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

The article presents an interview with Christian Heipke, the secretary general of the international Society for Photogrammetry and remote Sensing (ISPRS) on geospatial needs. When asked which geo-related applications are likely to benefit most from using UAS, Heipke stated a UAS was much easier to employ than aircraft, and at least for small projects it is much more economical. When asked whether there are any major obstacles blocking the path to UAS becoming an established photogrammetric technology, he explained how power is one of the most limiting factors today. Batteries are very heavy, thus UAS can only stay in the air for a relatively short amount of time. One can also envision a UAS being equipped with a thermal camera to detect heat leakages in industrial plants. In disaster management, of course, rescue crews can benefit from using UAS to quickly obtain an overview of the situation, and security applications also profit t from UAS.

reference index: 61, distance (smaller is better): 1.1473255157470703
	Patruno, R and Mancini, M and Malfatti, A (1996). The Activities Of The Italian Coast Guard In The Field Of Airborne Remote Sensing And The Eventual Use Of Satellite Platforms In Marine Pollution Abatement Activities. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/S1353-2561(96)00031-X

The Italian Coast Guard Corps operates twelve fixed-wing airplanes, type Piaggio P 166 DL3, for the performing of tasks related to the survey of marine environment. Three of them are fully equipped with a remote sensing system. This system, including a bispectral scanner system Daedalus AA 2000 and a multispectral scanner system Daedalus DS 1268, can make a quick and effective survey both of the shoreline and large areas offshore and process and interpret real time data. Environmental (oil pollution erosion, coastal assessment) and policing purposes (identification and appraisal of illegal releases, prevention and repression of unauthorized building) are supported by such surveys. Satellite platforms (ERS-1, ERS-2) can he utilized for surveillance duties, although, in the case of operational activities, a comparison with the data available from airborne remote sensing system must be made. The planning of such a programme cannot be carried out without a keen cost-benefit evaluation. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ltd.

reference index: 62, distance (smaller is better): 1.1482057571411133
	Dobrinić, D. and Gašparović, M. and Župan, R. (2018). Horizontal Accuracy Assessment Of Planetscope, Rapideye And Worldview-2 Satellite Imagery. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.5593/sgem2018/2.3/S10.017

Satellite imagery with different spatial resolutions and global daily revisit time provide much information of earth surfaces on a large scale in a short time. Thereby it is necessary to determine the horizontal accuracy of the satellite imagery to enable the possibility of their future everyday use in different application fields like environmental assessment, urban monitoring, forestry management, etc. In this research multispectral (MS) imagery from PlanetScope (PS), RapidEye (RE) and WorldView-2 (WV2) satellites was used for horizontal accuracy assessment. The imagery was obtained at different processing levels (basic – non-orthorectified, ortho – orthorectified). The study area is in Zagreb, the capital city of Croatia. Accuracy assessment was calculated on the 29 randomly distributed control points measured with Topcon HiPer SR receiver connected to Croatian Positioning System, which horizontal accuracy is around 2 cm. PS source imagery (PSbasic) with a spatial resolution of 3 m, orthorectified PS imagery (PSortho) with a spatial resolution of 3.7 m and RE ortho tile (REortho) with a spatial resolution of 5 m were obtained through Planet Research and Education program. WV2 OrthoReady Standard (WV2ORS2A) with a spatial resolution of 2 m was obtained within Geospatial monitoring of green infrastructure by means of terrestrial, airborne and satellite imagery (GEMINI) project. WV2ORS2A imagery was orthorectified (WV2ortho) with Orpheo ToolBox based on the global Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) digital elevation model (DEM). Highest accuracy has achieved a WV2ortho image with RMSE of 3.16 m, while lowest accuracy has WV2ORS2A with RMSE of 9.52 m. If we compare source imagery, PSbasic with a spatial resolution of 3.7 m has better accuracy then WV2ORS2A with a spatial resolution of 2 m. When comparing downloaded orthorectified imagery from Planet website, PSortho has better accuracy than REortho (RMSE of 4.80 m against RMSE value around 5.40 m). It must be emphasised that with an orthorectification accuracy improves significantly. PSortho has almost 1.5 higher accuracy than PSbasic, while WV2ortho image orthorectified with SRTM DEM has 3 times higher accuracy than WV2ORS2A. A further investigation for orthorectification with another freely available DEMs and afterwards geometric correction of satellite imagery would be interesting for using satellite imagery in precise mapping applications. © SGEM2018.

reference index: 63, distance (smaller is better): 1.1486507654190063
	Themistocleous, K. and Hadjimitsis, D. and Schreier, G. and Krauss, T. and Kontoes, H. (2020). The Contribution Of The Excelsior Project For Cultural Heritage. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.2574004

The ERATOSTHENES Centre of Excellence for Earth Surveillance and Space-Based Monitoring of the Environment (ECoE) will provide cutting-edge Earth Observation (EO) research in Cyprus, the Eastern Mediterranean, Middle East and North Africa (EMMENA) region, Europe and Internationally for the benefit of the environment and society. One of the main focus areas of the newly established ERATOSTHENES Centre of Excellence (ECoE) is using remote sensing and space-based techniques for effective, efficient and timely cultural heritage monitoring. Such monitoring can offer tremendous benefits to Cyprus governmental institutions and policy implementation bodies, towards the protection of cultural heritage sites, including cost- and time-effective control of cultural heritage sites/monuments, raising awareness on the preservation and protection of cultural heritage from anthropogenic and environmental pressures, early warning systems and systematic monitoring of cultural heritage. Satellite Earth Observation technologies provide the ideal resource of information to undertake a wide range of effective, cost-efficient and non-invasive activities, which cannot be so easily acquired with other tools. As a result of the Copernicus Program, Sentinel 1 and 2 missions provide free satellite imagery that is accessible, provides global coverage, a high temporal resolution enabling image time series analysis and temporal characteristics, allowing for the consistent and timely monitoring of cultural heritage monuments and landscapes. The efficient exploitation of high resolution dense time-series of multi-spectral and radar imagery for large scale applications introduces new important considerations including cost-effective and systematic monitoring service of cultural landscape sites with archaeological remains, monitoring significant risks that cultural landscapes face, as well as aiding archaeological mapping and interpretation. Further-on exploiting high spatial and temporal resolution (i.e. from other satellites beyond Copernicus) improves modelling and data assimilation solutions and integration of space based remote sensing techniques with advanced ground and aerial based ones. Both data allows to develop more efficient and effective tools of investigation and monitoring, able to ensure mapping and monitoring of buried and exposed archaeological structures. This paper was developed under the auspices of the activities of the 'ERATOSTHENES: Excellence Research Centre for Earth Surveillance and Space-Based Monitoring of the Environment'- 'EXCELSIOR' project that has received funding from the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under Grant Agreement No 857510 and from the Government of the Republic of Cyprus through the Directorate General for the European Programmes, Coordination and Development. From 1st of October 2019, the ERC group (Department of Civil Engineering and Geomatics) at the Cyprus University of Technology is on the way to be upgraded to ERATOSTHENES Centre of Excellence (ECoE) through 'EXCELSIOR' H 2020 Widespread Teaming project (www.excelsior2020.eu).

reference index: 64, distance (smaller is better): 1.1492514610290527
	Watremez, X. and Labat, N. and Audouin, G. and Lejay, B. and Marcarian, X. and Dubucq, D. and Marblé, A. and Foucher, P. Y. and Poutier, L. and Danno, R. and Elie, D. and Chamberland, M. (2016). Remote Detection And Flow Rates Quantification Of Methane Releases Using Infrared Camera Technology And 3d Reconstruction Algorithm. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2118/181501-ms

Hydrocarbon leaks in oil and gas installations present Health, Safety and Environmental risks. History of crisis management in oil and gas upstream has shown the value of efficient and accurate tools for quantifying the gas-leak rate and determining the perimeter of the hazardous areas. In this context, Total initiated a multi-year R&D collaborative project designed to develop remote sensing technologies and architectures for remote detection, identification, quantification and visualization of gas leaks in the event of a crisis. Total, the ONERA - The French Aerospace Lab - and ADCIS have developed a set of algorithms and software to measure, compute and visualize a methane plume using infrared optical imagers. Results are obtained in 3D and in real time. The following steps are involved: (1) Spectral images in the Long-Wavelength InfraRed (LWIR) region are captured by three hyper-spectral cameras located around a methane release point; (2) Concentrations of methane are measured linearly in ppm.m by comparing spectral images of the scene in the presence of gas and reference images acquired before the release; (3) An algorithm, drawing on tomography techniques, computes concentrations of methane in ppm from the linear concentrations; (4) Mass balance type equations finally help estimate the methane flowrates based on the set of concentrations and local wind data information. A one-week test campaign was organized in September 2015 and consisted of performing twenty-six methane gas releases of 1 g/s to 50 g/s. Three Telops Hyper-Cam cameras were connected as part of a network to a main server which ran the tomography and flowrate estimation code. The real-time remote detection and quantification worked fully. During the campaign, good accuracy was obtained at the low flowrates of 1 g/s and 10 g/s of methane. At the higher flowrate of 50 g/s, quantifications were underestimated due to an oversaturation phenomenon. Further works, the aim of which is to adapt the instrument sensing ranges to the maximum concentrations encountered, should help improve the accuracy of these quantifications. The innovation lies in the fact that a 3D visualization of the methane plume can be computed and created in real time and that flowrates and concentrations can be quantified, also in real time. This technology could be applied in environmental monitoring and crisis management. Copyright 2016, Society of Petroleum Engineers.

reference index: 65, distance (smaller is better): 1.1502299308776855
	Redick, T. (2020). Goes-R Series Exis Remote Monitor And Command. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1109/AERO47225.2020.9172495

For large spaceflight systems, engineers, operators, and support staff are distributed across a variety of subcontractors and physical locations. These physical separations can create logistical challenges for large missions which directly translate to negative mission costs and schedule impacts. In an ever increasingly interconnected world, there are numerous benefits to remote connectivity. This paper discusses the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite, R Series (GOES-R) Extreme ultraviolet and X-ray Irradiance Sensors (EXIS) Remote Monitor and Command (RMC) system used to support the GOES-17 (formerly GOES-S) Spacecraft Integration and Test (IT) campaign at the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP) in Boulder, Colorado. While remote access to flight-critical Ground Support Equipment (GSE) is standard for many IT campaigns, the RMC takes this paradigm further by providing real-time operations and test support from the sub-contractor's home location to the spacecraft integration facility. Programmatic benefits of the RMC include reduced logistics, reduced travel, and associated cost savings. Personnel and team benefits of the RMC include reduced time away from home, less interruption to personal lives, and greater flexibility for personnel absence due to illness or other matters. Network and data security is the largest concern when operating remotely. This paper presents the RMC solution for data security and the architecture to support secure operations in realtime utilizing flight critical GSE that includes encrypted access over the internet to the remote testing facility. Virtual presence of the test-team at the spacecraft integration facility is another major concern and this paper will present the RMC solution for keeping teams integrated and connected even while each sub-contractor remains at their home location by utilizing the long-standing Goddard Space Flight Center's (GSFC) operational voice network. A programmatic cost benefit comparison between the GOES-16 (formerly GOES-R) traditional IT and the GOES-17 Remote IT campaigns is presented. Risk reduction in system implementation, current limitations, and recommendations for future improvements or new systems is also discussed in detail. © 2020 IEEE.

reference index: 66, distance (smaller is better): 1.1512418985366821
	Hosford, Steven and Proy, Catherine and Giros, Alain and Eddy, Andrew and Petiteville, Ivan and Ishida, Chu and Gaetani, Francesco and Frye, Stuart and Zoffoli, Simona and Danzeglocke, Jens (2015). The Ceos Recovery Observatory Pilot. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.5194/isprsarchives-XL-7-W3-815-2015

Over the course of the last decade, large populations living in vulnerable areas have led to record damages and substantial loss of life in mega-disasters ranging from the deadly Indian Ocean tsunami of 2004 and Haiti earthquake of 2010; the catastrophic flood damages of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and the Tohoku tsunami of 2011, and the astonishing extent of the environmental impact of the Deepwater Horizon explosion in 2009. These major catastrophes have widespread and long-lasting impacts with subsequent recovery and reconstruction costing billions of euros and lasting years. While satellite imagery is used on an ad hoc basis after many disasters to support damage assessment, there is currently no standard practice or system to coordinate acquisition of data and facilitate access for early recovery planning and recovery tracking and monitoring. CEOS led the creation of a Recovery Observatory Oversight Team, which brings together major recovery stakeholders such as the UNDP and the World Bank/Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery, value-adding providers and leading space agencies. The principal aims of the Observatory are to: 1. Demonstrate the utility of a wide range of earth observation data to facilitate the recovery and reconstruction phase following a major catastrophic event; 2. Provide a concrete case to focus efforts in identifying and resolving technical and organizational obstacles to facilitating the visibility and access to a relevant set of EO data; and 3. Develop dialogue and establish institutional relationships with the Recovery phase user community to best target data and information requirements; The paper presented here will describe the work conducted in preparing for the triggering of a Recovery Observatory including support to rapid assessments and Post Disaster Needs Assessments by the EO community.

reference index: 67, distance (smaller is better): 1.1516995429992676
	Perroy, R. L. and Sullivan, T. and Stephenson, N. (2017). Assessing The Impacts Of Canopy Openness And Flight Parameters On Detecting A Sub-Canopy Tropical Invasive Plant Using A Small Unmanned Aerial System. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.isprsjprs.2017.01.018

Small unmanned aerial systems (sUAS) have great potential to facilitate the early detection and management of invasive plants. Here we show how very high-resolution optical imagery, collected from small consumer-grade multirotor UAS platform at altitudes of 30–120 m above ground level (agl), can be used to detect individual miconia (Miconia calvescens) plants in a highly invaded tropical rainforest environment on the island of Hawai‘i. The central aim of this research was to determine how overstory vegetation cover, imagery resolution, and camera look-angle impact the aerial detection of known individual miconia plants. For our finest resolution imagery (1.37 cm ground sampling distance collected at 30 m agl), we obtained a 100% detection rate for sub-canopy plants with above-crown openness values >40% and a 69% detection rate for those with >20% openness. We were unable to detect any plants with <10% above crown openness. Detection rates progressively declined with coarser spatial resolution imagery, ending in a 0% detection rate for the 120 m agl flights (ground sampling distance of 5.31 cm). The addition of forward-looking oblique imagery improved detection rates for plants below overstory vegetation, though this effect decreased with increasing flight altitude. While dense overstory canopy cover, limited flight times, and visual line of sight regulations present formidable obstacles for detecting miconia and other invasive plant species, we show that sUAS platforms carrying optical sensors can be an effective component of an integrated management plan within challenging subcanopy forest environments. © 2017 International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing, Inc. (ISPRS)

reference index: 68, distance (smaller is better): 1.1517717838287354
	Mannucci, A. J. and Lowe, S. T. and Dickson, J. and Young, L. E. and Franklin, G. and Meehan, T. K. and Esterhuizen, S. and Ao, C. O. and Vergados, P. and Chew, C. and Kim, S. and Nghiem, S. and Turk, J. and Zuffada, C. and Shah, R. and Komjathy, A. (2017). High-Value Remote Sensing For The Geosciences: Opportunistic Use Of Navigation Satellite Signals. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1109/IGARSS.2017.8127549

It is now recognized that the enormous challenge of scientifically understanding the Earth system requires careful strategic decisions on what missions are deployed. In a recent report, the National Research Council developed a 'value framework' for Earth observing systems with a focus on prioritizing NASA observations that merit long-term continuity. In this paper, we refer to this framework to discuss how high value observations arise from opportunistic use of signals generated by Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) such as GPS. The increasing number of GNSS constellations internationally, likely to be permanently deployed, suggests that the geosciences community will benefit by adopting these signals for a variety of remote sensing needs. We describe recent progress in using these observations scientifically and developing technology to exploit them. We conclude that dedicated constellations of GNSS science instruments in low Earth orbit capable of receiving both direct and reflected GNSS signals will provide excellent science return in a broad range of areas, and constitute a high value Earth observing system. © 2017 IEEE.

reference index: 69, distance (smaller is better): 1.1523902416229248
	Wang, L. and Li, X. (2017). Population Estimation With Remote Sensing. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/B978-0-12-409548-9.10417-8

Timely small-area population estimates are critical for both public- and private-sector decision-making. Over the last decade, small-area population estimation has to a large extent benefited from the latest development of remote sensing. This study focuses on introducing methods for intercensal small-area population estimation from integrative use of airborne light detection and ranging, high-spatial-resolution satellite imagery, and nighttime satellite image. In particular, our study in Austin, Texas, provided an effective example for carrying out small-area population estimation with the integration of the state-of-the-art remote sensors. © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

reference index: 70, distance (smaller is better): 1.153594970703125
	Zhang, C. and Kovacs, J. M. (2012). The Application Of Small Unmanned Aerial Systems For Precision Agriculture: A Review. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1007/s11119-012-9274-5

Precision agriculture (PA) is the application of geospatial techniques and sensors (e. g., geographic information systems, remote sensing, GPS) to identify variations in the field and to deal with them using alternative strategies. In particular, high-resolution satellite imagery is now more commonly used to study these variations for crop and soil conditions. However, the availability and the often prohibitive costs of such imagery would suggest an alternative product for this particular application in PA. Specifically, images taken by low altitude remote sensing platforms, or small unmanned aerial systems (UAS), are shown to be a potential alternative given their low cost of operation in environmental monitoring, high spatial and temporal resolution, and their high flexibility in image acquisition programming. Not surprisingly, there have been several recent studies in the application of UAS imagery for PA. The results of these studies would indicate that, to provide a reliable end product to farmers, advances in platform design, production, standardization of image georeferencing and mosaicing, and information extraction workflow are required. Moreover, it is suggested that such endeavors should involve the farmer, particularly in the process of field design, image acquisition, image interpretation and analysis. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.

reference index: 71, distance (smaller is better): 1.1547462940216064
	Lan, Y. and Huang, Y. and Martin, D. E. and Hoffmann, W. C. (2009). Development Of An Airborne Remote Sensing System For Crop Pest Management: System Integration And Verification. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Remote sensing is being used with Global Positioning Systems, Geographic Information Systems, and variable rate technology to ultimately help farmers maximize the economic and environmental benefits of crop pest management through precision agriculture. Airborne remote sensing is flexible and versatile because fields call be flown at variable altitude depending on the spatial resolution required. Although the use of airborne hyperspectral remote sensing in agricultural research and applications has been steadily increasing in the last decade, the airborne multispectral technique is still a good source of crop, soil, or ground cover information. The MS-4100 is a multispectral camera that produces and aligns images from different bands with a built-in prism. Data call be analyzed from the composite image or individual band images. The camera system evaluated herein uses a camera control system to physically compensate for roll, pitch, and yaw and maintain the camera at vertical nadir orientation. This article describes the automated airborne multi-spectral imaging system and image processing using sample imagery to demonstrate the capability and potential of the system for crop pest management.

reference index: 72, distance (smaller is better): 1.155619502067566
	Lutton, SM (1997). On-Line Catalog Access And Distribution Of Remotely Sensed Information. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1117/12.285548

Remote sensing is providing voluminous data and value added information products. Electronic Sensors, communication electronics, computer software, hardware, and network communications technology have matured to the point where a distributed infrastructure for remotely sensed information is a reality. The amount of remotely sensed data and information is making distributed infrastructure almost a necessity. This infrastructure provides data collection, archiving, cataloging, browsing, processing, and viewing for applications from scientific research to economic, legal, and national security decision making. The remote sensing field is entering a new exciting stage of commercial growth and expansion into the mainstream of government and business decision making. This paper overviews this new distributed infrastructure and then focuses on describing a software system for on-line catalog access and distribution of remotely sensed information.

reference index: 73, distance (smaller is better): 1.1577212810516357
	Kerle, N and Oppenheimer, C (2002). Satellite Remote Sensing As A Tool In Lahar Disaster Management. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1111/1467-7717.00197

At least 40,000 deaths have been attributed to historic lahars (volcanic mudflows). The most recent lahar disaster occurred in 1998 at Casita volcano, Nicaragua, claiming over 2,500 lives. Lahars can cover large areas and be highly destructive, and constitute a challenge for disaster management. With infrastructure affected and access frequently impeded, disaster management can benefit from the synoptic coverage provided by satellite imagery. This potential has been recognised for other types of natural disasters, but limitations are also known. Dedicated satellite constellations for disaster response and management have been proposed as one solution. Here we investigate the utility of currently available and forthcoming optical and radar sensors as tools in lahar disaster management. Applied to the Casita case, we find that imagery available at the time could not have significantly improved disaster response. However, forthcoming satellites, especially radar, will improve the situation, reducing the benefit of dedicated constellations.

reference index: 74, distance (smaller is better): 1.158219337463379
	Dorfling, J. and Bruder, S. and Landon, P. and Bondar, G. and Rawther, C. and Aranzazu-Suescún, C. and Rocha, K. and Siewert, S. B. and Trahms, B. and Le, C. and Pederson, T. and Mangar, R. (2022). Satellite, Aerial, And Ground Sensor Fusion Experiment For The Management Of Elephants, Rhinos, And Poaching Prevention. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.2514/6.2022-1270

Poaching of elephants and rhinos for their tusks and horns has devastated their populations in the wild. Long-term strategies such as poverty alleviation and education in areas adjacent to animal habitats have great merit, however, it is imperative to also protect these animals in the short term. Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and California State University are designing field experiments to evaluate the potential benefits of sensor fusion in contrast to employing a singular sensor modality, for detecting, tracking, and localizing elephants, rhinos, and people. The proposed sensor network architecture consists of three primary elements: perimeter, range mesh, and aerial. The perimeter element would consist of sensors capable of detecting human or vehicle presence and possible tampering or breaches of the perimeter boundary. The range mesh element would employ GPS collars on select animals in a herd, satellite images, post-mounted acoustic sensors and camera traps, and seismic sensors. The fusion of computer-vision-enabled camera traps, sensors, machine learning applied to satellite images, and GPS collar data would serve to detect, track, and localize animals within the vast game reserves. The final aerial element would be a UAV fitted with high resolution visible and infrared cameras and LIDAR that can be launched on cues received from the perimeter or range mesh elements if a breach or unexpected human presence is detected, or a potential animal-human conflict is predicted. The goal is to test whether the fusion of all these sensing modalities would improve detection and lead to a significantly reduced response time from game reserve personnel in support of conflict resolution. Preliminary field tests in northern Arizona and northern California focused on perimeter detection by using fence mounted accelerometers, camera traps, geophones, and satellite images. The signal processing algorithm for the accelerometers successfully detects shaking, kicking, and climbing events, and Deep Learning applied to the camera trap images detects cattle. Bench testing of a geophone and a detection algorithm picks up human footsteps and will soon be deployed for field testing. Satellite image analysis using Deep Learning shows promise, but very limited image sets of cattle, vehicles, and elephants hampers network performance. Future work will expand the sensors under consideration, design sensor fusion for real-time monitoring, and conduct field tests on a game reserve in South Africa for scalability of the approach. © 2022, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Inc, AIAA. All rights reserved.

reference index: 75, distance (smaller is better): 1.1592711210250854
	Kemper, G. and Weidauer, A. and Coppack, T. (2016). Monitoring Seabirds And Marine Mammals By Georeferenced Aerial Photography. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.5194/isprsarchives-XLI-B8-689-2016

The assessment of anthropogenic impacts on the marine environment is challenged by the accessibility, accuracy and validity of biogeographical information. Offshore wind farm projects require large-scale ecological surveys before, during and after construction, in order to assess potential effects on the distribution and abundance of protected species. The robustness of site-specific population estimates depends largely on the extent and design of spatial coverage and the accuracy of the applied census technique. Standard environmental assessment studies in Germany have so far included aerial visual surveys to evaluate potential impacts of offshore wind farms on seabirds and marine mammals. However, low flight altitudes, necessary for the visual classification of species, disturb sensitive bird species and also hold significant safety risks for the observers. Thus, aerial surveys based on high-resolution digital imagery, which can be carried out at higher (safer) flight altitudes (beyond the rotor-swept zone of the wind turbines) have become a mandatory requirement, technically solving the problem of distant-related observation bias. A purpose-assembled imagery system including medium-format cameras in conjunction with a dedicated geo-positioning platform delivers series of orthogonal digital images that meet the current technical requirements of authorities for surveying marine wildlife at a comparatively low cost. At a flight altitude of 425 m, a focal length of 110 mm, implemented forward motion compensation (FMC) and exposure times ranging between 1/1600 and 1/1000 s, the twin-camera system generates high quality 16 bit RGB images with a ground sampling distance (GSD) of 2 cm and an image footprint of 155 × 410 m. The image files are readily transferrable to a GIS environment for further editing, taking overlapping image areas and areas affected by glare into account. The imagery can be routinely screened by the human eye guided by purpose-programmed software to distinguish biological from non-biological signals. Each detected seabird or marine mammal signal is identified to species level or assigned to a species group and automatically saved into a geo-database for subsequent quality assurance, geo-statistical analyses and data export to third-party users. The relative size of a detected object can be accurately measured which provides key information for species-identification. During the development and testing of this system until 2015, more than 40 surveys have produced around 500.000 digital aerial images, of which some were taken in specially protected areas (SPA) of the Baltic Sea and thus include a wide range of relevant species. Here, we present the technical principles of this comparatively new survey approach and discuss the key methodological challenges related to optimizing survey design and workflow in view of the pending regulatory requirements for effective environmental impact assessments.

reference index: 76, distance (smaller is better): 1.1602308750152588
	Lan, Y. and Huang, Y. and Martin, D. E. and Hoffmann, W. C. (2009). Development Of Airborne Remote Sensing System For Crop Pest Management: System Integration And Verification. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Remote sensing is being used with Global Positioning Systems, Geographic Information Systems, and variable rate technology to ultimately help farmers maximize the economic and environmental benefits of crop pest management through precision agriculture. Airborne remote sensing is flexible and versatile because fields can be flown at variable altitude depending on the spatial resolution required. Although the use of airborne hyperspectral remote sensing in agricultural research and applications has been steadily increasing in the last decade, the airborne multispectral technique is still a good source of crop, soil, or ground cover information. The MS-4100 is a multispectral camera that produces and aligns images from different bands with a built-in prism. Data can be analyzed from the composite image or individual band images. The camera system evaluated herein uses a camera control system to physically compensate for roll, pitch, and yaw and maintain the camera at vertical nadir orientation. This article describes the automated airborne multi-spectral imaging system and image processing using sample imagery to demonstrate the capability and potential of the system for crop pest management.

reference index: 77, distance (smaller is better): 1.1612067222595215
	Dueker, K. J. and Horton, F. E. (1972). Urban-Change Detection Systems: Remote-Sensing Inputs. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/0031-8663(72)90013-0

This paper explores the application of remote-sensing technology to provide inputs to systems for urban-change detection and as such focuses primarily on the urban data user environment. Urban-change detection refers to the general problem of monitoring the urban system and discerning changes that are occurring within that system that are of use to urban planners, managers, and researchers. Conventional aerial photography and, more recently, color-infrared imagery have proved extremely useful in providing inventories of changes in various urban subsystems at more frequent time intervals than conventionally collected data. The problem addressed here is to integrate remote-sensing data with conventionally collected data in a system that describes and reports urban change. As research continues into the utility of remote sensing for the acquisition of data concerning specific urban phenomenon an increasing proportion of the data requirements of urban-change detection systems can be supplied by remote-sensing technology. However, the cost parameters related to these elements in some cases are unknown. Remote-sensing technology must be considered within the context of user needs, which determines the appropriate imagery scale, size of aerial unit of obsevation, any necessary classification schemes, and the need for appropriate data items. This paper attempts to define the general environment which remote-sensing data inputs in an urban context must operate. In the final analysis the utility of remote sensing in this area rests on stark economic conditions in the trade-off between costs and data-delivery-time requirements. © 1970.

reference index: 78, distance (smaller is better): 1.16188645362854
	Mastroddi, V. and Soli, L. and Ciancarelli, C. and Nassisi, A. and Intelisano, A. (2021). Sar Small Satellite Constellations: Added Value Vs. Existing Earth Observation Space System. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Small satellites offer important advantages in creating new opportunities for implementing spatially-distributed space-based systems in Constellations. In this paper we focus on new emerging earth observation application and concepts, that can be used or are being used to create data collection systems via small satellites. The "complementarity" of small satellite constellations in term of revisit/coverage/resolution/band/responsiveness versus existing asset like Copernicus and Italian assets such as COSMO Sky-Med has been also investigated with the purpose to provide an improvement on emergency management, infrastructure monitoring and other domains, with a wider use of "space technology" and to offer solution closer to user needs also in term of further temporal resolution improvement. In particular, the focus of the Small SAT Constellation is on the need to improve revisit time, change detection and responsiveness, having heterogeneous on board sources (e.g. radar, optical) and supplying more quickly the information needed for the decision making process. A space mission embarking SAR instrument is capable of "all-weather" observations, sensing the Area day and night and imaging through clouds. These aspects identify small satellite as the perfect asset for a quick response after the occurring of a natural disaster/damage being able to grant the necessary information over the area of interest in any condition.

reference index: 79, distance (smaller is better): 1.1631532907485962
	Milton, E. J. (1994). Teaching Atmospheric Correction Using A Spreadsheet. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

There are several possible educational roles for spreadsheets in remote sensing. They may be used in cost-benefit analyses, in data processing, or in simulation models designed to demonstrate simple physical processes. This paper describes a spreadsheet implementation of the Chavez (1988) "Modified Dark-Object Subtraction' procedure for the first-order correction of path radiance effects on remotely sensed images. The model has been found to be useful in teaching atmospheric correction procedures and also in stimulating discussion among remote sensing students from different backgrounds. -Author

reference index: 80, distance (smaller is better): 1.1650910377502441
	Bye, Lilja Bente (2020). Integrated capacity building for faster up-take of Earth observation data in knowledge value chains. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1088/1755-1315/509/1/012006

In order to benefit from the vast amount of Earth observation data, faster transformations of data to information and knowledge is necessary. NextGEOSS data hub and platform enable this through its services. These services are delivered in a 5-step user experience that includes training and capacity building in each step. NextGEOSS is using various methods, such as online training, hackathons, and in person training integrated in a onboarding process applicable to all value chains, resulting in faster up-take of Earth observation data.

reference index: 81, distance (smaller is better): 1.16739821434021
	Deronde, Bart and Debruyn, Walter and Gontier, Eric and Goor, Erwin and Jacobs, Tim and Verbeiren, Sara and Vereecken, Johan (2014). 15 Years Of Processing And Dissemination Of Spot-Vegetation Products. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1080/01431161.2014.883102

Throughout the VEGETATION programme, the Flemish Institute for Technological Research (VITO) uninterruptedly hosted the prime user segment of both VEGETATION 1 and VEGETATION 2 multispectral instruments on board the Satellite Pour l'Observation de la Terre 4 (SPOT 4) and SPOT 5 satellites. Operational since the launch of SPOT 4 in March 1998, and foreseen to continue at least until the end of the SPOT 5 mission (anticipated in spring 2014), this user segment comprises a processing facility (PF), actively receiving, processing, correcting, archiving, and distributing the VEGETATION data and derived added-value products. First and foremost, the VEGETATION programme has been serving the needs of operational users - both institutional and commercial - requesting data in near-real time. However, scientific and educational users too benefited significantly, in particular from VEGETATION's unique time series of the Earth's land cover, and more specifically the vegetation cover. Over the years, the centralized archive houses processed data covering the equivalent of 11,000 times the Earth's surface, and delivered more than 50 terapixels to around 10.000 users. As such, VEGETATION's mission is a prime example of what Europe wants to achieve through the Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) initiative: truly operational services providing reliable and up-to-date information.This article describes the processing facility, the way the data and products are archived, the different dissemination channels as well as the data policy adopted and the users served. One of the recent evolutions, the development of an entirely new product distribution facility (PDF), implemented as part of the Project for On-Board Autonomy - Vegetation (PROBA-V) user segment is discussed.

reference index: 82, distance (smaller is better): 1.1684048175811768
	Borgogno-Mondino, Enrico and Farbo, Alessandro and Novello, Vittorino and de Palma, Laura (2022). A Fast Regression-Based Approach To Map Water Status Of Pomegranate Orchards With Sentinel 2 Data. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/horticulturae8090759

Midday stem water potential (psi(stem)) is an important parameter for monitoring the water status of pomegranate plants and for addressing irrigation management. However, psi(stem) ground surveys are time-consuming and difficult to carry out periodically over vast areas. Remote sensing, specifically Copernicus Sentinel 2 data (S2), offers a promising alternative. S2 data are appropriate for psi(stem) monitoring due to their geometric, temporal and spectral resolutions. To test this hypothesis, two plots were selected within a pomegranate orchard in southern Italy. A pressure chamber was used to collect psi(stem) measurements on four days in summer 2021. Ground data were compared with the temporally closest S2 images with the aim of testing the effectiveness of remotely sensed imagery in estimating and mapping the psi(stem) of pomegranate plants. Regression models were applied with a limited number of ground observations. Despite limited ground observations, the results showed the promising capability of spectral indices (NDVI, NDRE and NDWI) and S2 bands in estimating (MAE approximately equal to 0.10 MPa and NMAE < 10\%) psi(stem) readings. To understand the dimensional relationship between S2 geometric resolution and the orchard pattern, predictive models were tested on both native S2 data and on denoised (unmixed) data, revealing that native data are more effective in predicting psi(stem) values.

reference index: 83, distance (smaller is better): 1.1687809228897095
	Wisse, Ir E. and Van Swol, R. (2004). Earth Observation And Infrastructure. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Geo-information Infrastructure is a hot topic in the fields of remote sensing and earth observaron. The value of remotely sensed observations is largely determined by the availability of knowledge, resources, and auxiliary data sets for the generation of useful information. Bringing together expertise, data, and models requires a lot from the organisational and technological environment. Jn the Geomalics Business Park, it is a challenge to create this environment for the operational application of information derived from remotely sensed observations in the areas of preparation, execution, and enforcement of environmental policies.

reference index: 84, distance (smaller is better): 1.169057846069336
	Shan, J. (2017). Remote Sensing: From Trained Professionals To General Public. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.11947/j.AGCS.2017.20170361

Influenced by the growing popularity of smart phones and the rapid development of open science, remote sensing is being developed and applied more by general public than by trained professionals. This trend is mainly embodied in the democratized data collection, democratized data processing and democratized data usage. This paper discusses and analyzes the three aforementioned characteristics, introduces some recent representative work and progress. It also lists numerous international open data processing tools, including photogrammetry processing, laser scanning processing, machine learning, and spatial information management. In addition, the article makes a detailed description of the benefits of open data, and lists a number of global data programs and experimental data sets for scientific research. At the end of this paper, it is pointed out that the democratization of remote sensing will not only produce great economic benefits, but also bring about great social benefits, and finally change the landscape of industry and the life style of people. © 2017, Surveying and Mapping Press. All right reserved.

reference index: 85, distance (smaller is better): 1.1691854000091553
	Krtalic, Andrija and Bajic, Milan and Ivelja, Tamara and Racetin, Ivan (2020). The Aidss Module For Data Acquisition In Crisis Situations And Environmental Protection. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3390/s20051267

The Toolbox implementation for removal of antipersonnel mines, submunitions and unexploded ordnance (TIRAMISU) Advanced Intelligence Decision Support System is an operational system proposed to Mine Action Centres worldwide for conducting non-technical surveys in humanitarian demining. The system consists of three modules, one of which is the module for data acquisition introduced and described in this study. The module has been designed, produced, improved, used and operationally tested and validated on several platforms (helicopters, remotely piloted aircraft systems (RPAS) and a blimp), with various sensors and acquisition units (Global Positioning System (GPS) and inertial measurement unit) in a variety of combinations for additional data acquisition from deep inside a suspected hazardous area. For the purposes of aerial data acquisition over a suspected hazardous area, the use of multiple sensors such as visible digital cameras and multi-spectral visible, near infrared (VNIR), hyperspectral VNIR and thermal infrared sensors are of benefit, because they display the scene in different ways. Off-the-shelf equipment and software were mostly used, but some specific equipment, such as sensor pods, was developed and also some software solutions for data acquisition and pre-processing (transforming hyperspectral line scanner data into hyperspectral images, and producing hyperspectral cubes). The technical stability and robustness of the module were confirmed by operationally testing and evaluating the systems on the aforementioned platforms and missions in several actual suspected hazardous areas in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, between 2001 and 2015.

reference index: 86, distance (smaller is better): 1.1692302227020264
	Harris, R. (2003). Current Policy Issues In Remote Sensing: Report By The International Policy Advisory Committee Of Isprs. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/j.spacepol.2003.08.003

The role of remote sensing in promoting sustainable development, its general benefits and easing access to remotely sensed images, especially for developing countries, have all been examined by the International Policy Advisory Committee of the ISPRS in 2003. This report, a slightly revised version of an article that appears in the September 2003 issue of the ISPRS's Highlights magazine, presents the committee's findings and recommendations. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

reference index: 87, distance (smaller is better): 1.1701202392578125
	Maltoni, Claudia and Nerantzis, Elizabeth A. (2017). Precision Agriculture: The Commitment Of Alpha Consult In Europe And Africa. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

Precision agriculture is the application of different technologies and solutions aimed to manage the variability of agricultural production, in order to improve crop yield and reduce environmental impact, by also increasing resilience to climate change. All in all, these technologies are also key enabling elements of the foreshadowed autonomous driving concept realized in the agricultural domain, applied for tractors and spraying drones, the documentation of assets and tasks, raising preparedness for disaster relief, etc. In recent years, a number of technologies have been developed leveraging satellite positioning systems (e.g. Galileo and EGNOS), geographic information systems (GIS), earth observation services (e.g. Copernicus), UAVs and/or IoT sensors. In general, the technology is still far form level 5 automatization of driving (on the 0-5 ADAS scale), but applications like automatic steering, tractor guidance, geofencing, livestock tracking and asset management/documentation are already quite widespread and their adoption is expected to grow in the next future. Nevertheless, the uptake of such sophisticated technologies necessarily entails a number of costs. In this sense, the benefits of precision agriculture must be coherent with the expenditure incurred by farmers in introducing them. In this context, throughout different projects, ALPHA Consult's work and expertise appears crucial to investigate such coherence for the major players in the agricultural sector, in particular in Europe and Africa.

reference index: 88, distance (smaller is better): 1.1719063520431519
	Mullerova, Jana and Bartalos, Tomas and Bruna, Josef and Dvorak, Petr and Vitkova, Michaela (2017). Unmanned Aircraft In Nature Conservation: An Example From Plant Invasions. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1080/01431161.2016.1275059

To successfully fight plant invasions, new methods enabling fast and efficient monitoring are needed, and remote sensing can make their management more efficient and less expensive. However, the data resolution, cost, and availability can be limiting. Optimal solution depends on the species characteristics, where the spectral and spatial resolution can compensate each other to some extent, and phenology plays an important role. Available high spatial resolution satellite data are sufficient for recognition of species that are distinct and either large or form uniform patches at size comparable to the data pixel size. For other species, higher spatial resolution is needed, and unmanned aircraft (UAV) provide data of extremely high spatial resolution (cm) at low cost and high flexibility. We assess its potential to map invasive black locust (BL, Robinia pseudoaccacia), testing imagery of different origin (satellite, UAV), spectral (multispectral, red, green, and blue (RGB) + near-infrared (NIR)) and spatial resolution, and various technical approaches to choose the best strategy for the species monitoring balancing between precision of detection and economic feasibility. Using purposely designed low-cost UAV with tailless fixed wing design for two consumer cameras (RGB and modified NIR) ensures robustness and repeatable field performance while maintaining high aerodynamic efficiency, with resulting mapping capacity over 10 km(2) per day. Several challenges exist in UAV application, such as lower spectral resolution, geometrical and radiometric distortions, and significant amount of data (necessity of automatic processing). In our study, we tested different options of UAV data processing and present comparison of resulting orthomosaic accuracies. For repeated measurements, it is extremely important to ensure spatial co-registration of pixels/objects from different phenological phases. Investment in GPS receiver in the UAV and GPS post-processing eliminated laborious collection of ground control points, while maintaining the co-registration of objects across multiple flights. In our study we provide evidence of benefit of the low cost unmanned system for species monitoring with high classification accuracies of target species from UAV orthomosaic outcompeting WorldView-2 satellite data, and describe methodology that can be used for practical management of invasions.

reference index: 89, distance (smaller is better): 1.1722112894058228
	Wright, GG and Matthews, KB and Cadell, WM and Milne, R (2003). Reducing The Cost Of Multi-Spectral Remote Sensing: Combining Near-Infrared Video Imagery With Colour Aerial Photography. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1016/S0168-1699(02)00141-2

Land managers are often confronted with management problems that could be addressed using decision support or management information systems. The use of such tools, however, depends on the availability of appropriately resolved spatial data. One source of such data is multi-spectral remotely sensed imagery. The cost of such imagery, particularly where environmental goals are most important, is often prohibitive. Even when the cost of such imagery can be met; other factors, such as cloud cover for satellite-based systems or sensor scheduling for sophisticated airborne systems, may mean that imagery is not available. This paper investigates the utility of a system that combines near-infrared imagery from a video camera with conventional medium-format aerial photography deployed in a light aircraft platform. Previously, imagery obtained from video cameras has suffered from limited spectral range and from significant image motion effects. These problems were eliminated by the use of an electronic-shutter charge-coupled device video camera with a strong IR response. The systems components and the approach to their operational deployment are described and the options, for transforming the raw imagery into survey coverage discussed. The image quality and cost is presented for a site characterisation application where the aim is the generation of normalised difference vegetation index values. It is concluded that the system has significant potential-utility for decision support and land-management applications. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.

reference index: 90, distance (smaller is better): 1.1724660396575928
	Ebert, J. I. and Lyons, T. R. (1983). Archaeology, Anthropology, And Cultural Resources Management. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: N/A

The archaeologist, anthropologist, architect and cultural resource manager is being benefitted through remote sensing data and methodology as it is becoming increasingly available, cost-effective, and with a wide range of appropriate designs in the study and treatment of cultural resources. The authors explain how some forms of remote sensing both in the past and the present have become important in these fields. Applications with specific examples are presented.-M.Alam

reference index: 91, distance (smaller is better): 1.1731537580490112
	Kushwaha, D. and Janagam, S. and Trivedi, N. (2014). Compute-Efficient Geo- Localization Of Targets From Uav Videos: Real-Time Processing In Unknown Territory. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.4018/ijagr.2014070103

Unmanned Air Vehicles (UAVs) have crucial roles to play in traditional warfare, asymmetric conflicts, and also civilian applications such as search and rescue operations. Though satellites provide extensive coverage and capabilities crucial to many remote sensing tasks, UAVs have distinct edge over satellites in dynamic situations due to shorter revisit times and desired area/time coverage. The course, speed and altitude of a UAV can be dynamically altered, details of an activity of interest monitored by loitering over the area as desired. A fundamental requirement in most UAV operations is to find geo-coordinates of an object in the captured image. Most small, low-cost UAVs use low-cost, less accurate sensors. Matching with pre-registered images may not be possible in areas with low details or in emergency situations where terrain may have undergone severe sudden changes. In these situations that demand near real-time results and wider coverage, it is often enough to provide approximate results as long as bounds on accuracies can be established. Even when image registration is possible, it can benefit from these bounds to reduce search space thereby saving execution time. The prime contributions of this paper are computation of location of target anywhere in the image even at larger slant ranges, optimized algorithm to compute terrain elevation at target point, and use of visual simulation tool to validate the model. Analysis from simulation and results from real UAV flights are presented. Copyright © 2014, IGI Global.

reference index: 92, distance (smaller is better): 1.174403429031372
	Simon, J. L. E. and Brewin, R. J. W. and Land, P. E. and Shutler, J. D. (2023). Advancements In Drone Applications For Water Quality Monitoring And The Need For Multispectral And Multi-Sensor Approaches. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1002/9781119775843.ch10

Drones are continuing to grow in popularity due to their low cost and flexibility, and as their robustness and simplicity has developed, researchers have realized their value to science and research. They can be employed as tools in many different sectors, both in rural urban developments, and have been successfully used in mapping city landscapes, planning building construction, monitoring wildfires, quantifying animal species populations, and monitoring crop health, to cite a few. Here, we have reviewed drone water quality applications, discussing their potential to compensate for shortcomings in the current water monitoring programs, such as their ability to monitor large areas or access remote or inhospitable locations. We discuss the use of multispectral cameras and drone remote sensing to observe physical and biological parameters of inland water bodies, by exploring their influence in surface color and light reflectance through satellite and region-specific developed algorithms. Also, we discuss the integration of a variety of low-power electronic sensors into drones, which offer a fast and mobile method to collect in situ data for water quality research. © 2023 by The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.

reference index: 93, distance (smaller is better): 1.1744245290756226
	Zhang, Xiaodong and Seelan, Santhosh and Nowatzki, John (2014). Technological Innovations Bringing Spatial Technology To Precision Agriculture In The Northern Great Plains. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3727/194982414X13971392823271

In addition to land, labor, and capital, which have long been agriculture's traditional assets, technology and information management has become the fourth asset of increasing importance and has come to be known as precision agriculture. Information of both spatial and temporal dimensions is required for precision agriculture. Remote sensing imagery acquired from satellites, aircrafts, or unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) offers tremendous potential in providing information in both dimensions for precision crop management. Of course, spatial data is valuable only to the extent that it is timely delivered and properly interpreted to drive decision making. To help regional producers benefit from recent advancements in spatial technology, we have innovated in multiple frontiers, including sensor technology, Internet data delivery, and knowledge diffusion. Airborne Environmental Research Observational Camera and International Space Station Agriculture Camera were developed to provide near real-time high-resolution imagery. Data acquired by the two sensors and those by satellites are delivered to users through Digital Northern Great Plains (DNGP) and a zone-mapping application for precision agriculture (ZoneMAP), the two systems that were designed to allow regional producers access to remote sensing data easily and efficiently. By creating a learning community, we lowered the barrier for end users to understand and learn the technologies effectively from peers as well as professionals. Through continuous innovative efforts, we have been helping the producers utilizing the spatial technology to increase profit while reducing waste for over one decade.

reference index: 94, distance (smaller is better): 1.1745927333831787
	Whitehead, V. S. and Helms, D. R. and Chambers, M. A. (1992). Clouds As Indicators Of Atmospheric Processes: As Viewed From Space Shuttle. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1109/IGARSS.1992.578631

The presence and nature of clouds have long been used as indicators of atmospheric processes. In the grand scale, hemispheric models, climatic depictions, and environmental satellite statistical studies are now the most useful tools in expanding our understanding of atmospheric processes. The utility of these tools has, over the recent past, been extended down to smaller mesoscale processes. When this information is used in conjunction with radar observations, real-time environmental satellite data, and dynamic models, such as has occurred over the past decade, the depth of understanding has progressed rapidly. Still, unexpected and sometimes unexplained events occur, often manifested in cloud forms, and it is obvious there is more to be learned. The Space Shuttle and its human observers provide a unique observation system and a different perspective that can contribute to increased understanding. The potential of this system is discussed here. The Space Shuttle provides a unique perspective for cloud observation. From it, an observer can simultaneously view the grand scale and individual microscale components. An observer can differentiate between the exceptional and the routine and rapidly identify the phenomenon of interest. The capabilities an observer has in space include multiple aspect viewing, vision enhancement, instant data transmission, and the intelligence and decision-making ability required for meaningful selective observations. When these observations are used with other information, an improved understanding of the processes follows. Examples of these data and their application with other information sources are given along with suggestions for fruitful research. © IEEE 1992.

reference index: 95, distance (smaller is better): 1.174723505973816
	Miller, Steven D. and Lindsey, Daniel T. and Seaman, Curtis J. and Solbrig, Jeremy E. (2020). Geocolor: A Blending Technique For Satellite Imagery. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1175/JTECH-D-19-0134.1

Value-added imagery is a useful means of communicating multispectral environmental satellite radiometer data to the human analyst. The most effective techniques strike a balance between science and art. The science side requires engineering physical algorithms capable of distilling the complex scene into a reduced set of key parameters. The artistic side involves design and construction of visually intuitive displays that maximize information content within the product image. The utility of such imagery to human analysts depends on the extent to which parameters or features of interest are conveyed unambiguously. Here, we detail and demonstrate a dynamic blended imagery technique, based on spatially variant transparency factors whose values are tied to algorithmically isolated parameters. The technique enables seamless display of multivariate information, and is applicable to any imaging system based on red-green-blue composites. We illustrate this technique in the context of GeoColor-an application of the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite R (GOES-R) series Advanced Baseline Imager (ABI) supporting operational forecasting and used widely in public communication of weather information.

reference index: 96, distance (smaller is better): 1.174949288368225
	Pidchosa, O. and Hunda, A. (2022). Satellite And Hybrid Systems For Monitoring, Risk Minimization And Prevention. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.3997/2214-4609.2022580024

This paper discusses a concept of a sophisticated hybrid monitoring system, its core application and technological solutions. The operating model of the proposed system comprises such processes as collecting, transmitting, combining and processing data; transferring the aggregated data to consumers for further use. A modular design principle enables optimization of production and operating costs of a data collection system; involvement of multiple channels of information transmission depending on the purposes and nature of the task to be performed. Modern drones and robots with a range of advanced characteristics (e.g., special optics, night vision systems, different sensors, etc.) installed for customized purposes, as well as orbital constellations of nanosatellites, can contribute to the improvement of operations, the quality and accuracy of data and the productivity of the entire hybrid system. In the context of data transmission capabilities via a satellite channel, the Chinese BeiDou Navigation Satellite System (BDS) is discussed. The principle of decentralization implies the establishment of a network of stations and drones interacting with each other without connecting to WiFi or a cellular network. A collaborative calculation feature of the proposed hybrid system enables the detection of dangerous phenomena and improvement of forecast accuracy, which is crucial for preventive measures and disaster management. Based on a cost-benefit analysis and economic, social and environmental implications, the authors consider a public-private partnership within the development of the proposed hybrid system an economically feasible solution. © 2022 EAGE. All Rights Reserved.

reference index: 97, distance (smaller is better): 1.1751725673675537
	Rango, A. and Havstad, K. (2003). The Utility Of Historical Aerial Photographs For Detecting And Judging The Effectiveness Of Rangeland Remediation Treatments. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1017/S1466046603031065

Aerial photographs are a type of remote sensing data that are especially valuable for rangeland applications. Advantages of these data include relative ease of interpretation and acquisition, affordability, high resolution (1-2 meters), and provision of a common reference for communication among those involved in rangeland management. Additionally, air photos are especially well suited for analysis of historical rangeland remediation treatments because acquisition of widespread aerial photographic coverage began during the 1930s. Several types of treatments can be easily identified and monitored over time, including contour terraces, brush water spreaders, rootplow seeding, water ponding dikes, shrub removal by grubbing, and grazing restrictions. The use of archived aerial photographs allows the opportunity to recreate the management history of rangeland, as well as to serve as a point of departure for involvement in more sophisticated satellite-based remote sensing systems. © 2003 National Association of Environmental Professionals.

reference index: 98, distance (smaller is better): 1.1759066581726074
	Agha Taher, R. and Jafari, M. and Fallah, M. and Alavi, A. (2015). A Study On Variations Of Shoreline Changes And Temporal-Spatial Potentiality For Cloud Seeding At Urumia Lake. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.5194/isprsarchives-XL-1-W5-15-2015

Protecting the living environment has become one of the greatest human concerns; sudden increase of population, industry and technology development, unrestrained over consumption of the citizens and climate changes, have all caused many problems for mankind. Shores are special zones that are in contact with three Atmosphere, Hydrosphere and Lithosphere environments of earth. Shore lines are of the most important linear features of the earth's surface which have an animated and alive nature. In this regard, optimized management of the shores and environmental protection for stable development require observing the shorelines and their variations. Protection of shorelines within appropriate time periods is of high importance for the purpose of optimized management of the shores. The twenty first century has been called the era of information explosion. A time that, through benefits of new technologies, information experts attempt to generate more and up to date information in various fields and to provide them for managers and decision makers in order to be considered for future planning and also to assist the planners to arrange and set a comprehensive plan. Aerial images and remote sensing technology are economic methods to acquire the required data. Such methods are free from common time and place limitations in survey based methods. Among remote sensing data, the ones acquired from optical images have several benefits which include low cost, interpretation simplicity and ease of access. That is why most of the researches concerning extraction of shorelines are practiced using optical images. On the other hand, wide range coverage of satellite images along with rapid access to them caused these images to be used extensively for extracting the shorelines. The attempt in this research is to use satellite images and their application in order to study variations of the shorelines. Thus, for this purpose, Landsat satellite images from TM and ETM+ sensors in the 35 time period has been used. In order to reach better results, images from MODIS satellite has been used as auxiliary data for the images that are with an error margin. Initial classification on the images was conducted to distinguish water and non water applications. Neural network classification was applied with specific scales on the images and the two major applications were thereby extracted. Then, in order to authenticate the proceedings, Error matrix and Kappa coefficient has been applied on the classified images. Base pixel method of neural network was used for the purpose of information extraction while authenticity of that was evaluated too. The outcomes display the trend of Urmia shoreline has been approximately constant between the years of 1976 to 1995 and has experienced very low variations. In 1998 the lake experienced increase of water and therefore advancement of the shoreline of the lake due to increase of precipitation and the volume of inflowing water to the basin. During 2000 to 20125, however, the lake's shoreline has experienced a downward trend, which was intensified in 2007 and reached to its most critical level ever since, that is decreasing to about one third. Further, temporal and spatial potentiality evaluation of clouds seeding in Urmia lake zone has been studied as a solution for improvement and recovery of the current status of the lake, and an algorithm was proposed for optimized temporal- spatial study on could seeding. Ecological, meteorological and synoptic data were used for timing study of the cloud's seeding plan, which upon study; it is easy to evaluate precipitation potential and quality of the system. At the next step, the rate of humidity and also stability of the precipitating system can be analyzed using radar acquired data. Whereas extracted date from MODIS images are expressing the spatial position, therefore in order to study the location of the cloud's seeding, MODIS images of the selected time intervals along with applying MCM algorithm were used to conclude thick clouds. Also, with interpolation of the TRMM da a, it is possible to deduce maximum precipitation in the form of spatial arena. One of the data categories that is used both for temporal and spatial analysis is radar images which in addition to time, displays the existing humidity range, movement direction, and positions of accumulated precipitation cores. Therefore, using this algorithm, it is possible to conclude the most optimized spatial position in order to execute the seeding plan.

reference index: 99, distance (smaller is better): 1.1759066581726074
	Agha Taher, R. and Jafari, M. and Fallah, M. and Alavi, A. (2015). A Study On Variations Of Shoreline Changes And Temporal-Spatial Potentiality For Cloud Seeding At Urumia Lake. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.5194/isprsarchives-XL-1-W5-15-2015

Protecting the living environment has become one of the greatest human concerns; sudden increase of population, industry and technology development, unrestrained over consumption of the citizens and climate changes, have all caused many problems for mankind. Shores are special zones that are in contact with three Atmosphere, Hydrosphere and Lithosphere environments of earth. Shore lines are of the most important linear features of the earth's surface which have an animated and alive nature. In this regard, optimized management of the shores and environmental protection for stable development require observing the shorelines and their variations. Protection of shorelines within appropriate time periods is of high importance for the purpose of optimized management of the shores. The twenty first century has been called the era of information explosion. A time that, through benefits of new technologies, information experts attempt to generate more and up to date information in various fields and to provide them for managers and decision makers in order to be considered for future planning and also to assist the planners to arrange and set a comprehensive plan. Aerial images and remote sensing technology are economic methods to acquire the required data. Such methods are free from common time and place limitations in survey based methods. Among remote sensing data, the ones acquired from optical images have several benefits which include low cost, interpretation simplicity and ease of access. That is why most of the researches concerning extraction of shorelines are practiced using optical images. On the other hand, wide range coverage of satellite images along with rapid access to them caused these images to be used extensively for extracting the shorelines. The attempt in this research is to use satellite images and their application in order to study variations of the shorelines. Thus, for this purpose, Landsat satellite images from TM and ETM+ sensors in the 35 time period has been used. In order to reach better results, images from MODIS satellite has been used as auxiliary data for the images that are with an error margin. Initial classification on the images was conducted to distinguish water and non water applications. Neural network classification was applied with specific scales on the images and the two major applications were thereby extracted. Then, in order to authenticate the proceedings, Error matrix and Kappa coefficient has been applied on the classified images. Base pixel method of neural network was used for the purpose of information extraction while authenticity of that was evaluated too. The outcomes display the trend of Urmia shoreline has been approximately constant between the years of 1976 to 1995 and has experienced very low variations. In 1998 the lake experienced increase of water and therefore advancement of the shoreline of the lake due to increase of precipitation and the volume of inflowing water to the basin. During 2000 to 20125, however, the lake's shoreline has experienced a downward trend, which was intensified in 2007 and reached to its most critical level ever since, that is decreasing to about one third. Further, temporal and spatial potentiality evaluation of clouds seeding in Urmia lake zone has been studied as a solution for improvement and recovery of the current status of the lake, and an algorithm was proposed for optimized temporal- spatial study on could seeding. Ecological, meteorological and synoptic data were used for timing study of the cloud's seeding plan, which upon study; it is easy to evaluate precipitation potential and quality of the system. At the next step, the rate of humidity and also stability of the precipitating system can be analyzed using radar acquired data. Whereas extracted date from MODIS images are expressing the spatial position, therefore in order to study the location of the cloud's seeding, MODIS images of the selected time intervals along with applying MCM algorithm were used to conclude thick clouds. Also, with interpolation of the TRMM da a, it is possible to deduce maximum precipitation in the form of spatial arena. One of the data categories that is used both for temporal and spatial analysis is radar images which in addition to time, displays the existing humidity range, movement direction, and positions of accumulated precipitation cores. Therefore, using this algorithm, it is possible to conclude the most optimized spatial position in order to execute the seeding plan.

reference index: 100, distance (smaller is better): 1.178179144859314
	Harrison, B. A. and Jupp, D. L. and Hutton, P. G. and Mayo, K. K. (1989). Accessing Remote Sensing Technology The Microbrian Example. N/A, N/A(N/A), N/A-N/A. DOI: 10.1080/01431168908903869

Image processing technology for remote sensing has benefited substantially by the increase in the power of microcomputers over the past five years. This paper uses the development of the CSIRO (Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization, Australia) microBRlAN system as an example of how access to image processing methods can contribute to greater acceptance of remote sensing technology for resource management problem solving by nonspecialist users. A survey commissioned by the microBRlAN developers has highlighted the need for greater access to the methods of remote sensing analysis, the fulfilment of which could greatly extend the user base and consequently the commercial viability of remote sensing as a general tool for environmental management. This access needs to identify both the applications for which remote sensing may be used and the processing techniques required for particular applications, as well as provide the operational requirements of accuracy indication and the integration of results with other sources and types of data. © 1989 Taylor & Francis Ltd.

